Title: 
Colin Kaepernick becomes the face of Nike’s 30th anniversary ‘Just Do It’ campaign

Comments: 
Time to sort by controversial 


Edit: I’m back shit was pretty wild 




>According to Rovell, Nike has been paying Kaepernick all along and "waiting for the right moment," which is now. Nike signed Kaepernick in 2011, but has not used him over the past two years. 

Looking forward to all the conspiracy theories claiming Kaepernick kneeled because of money




I will just get some popcorn and check back in a bit 




So excited to see a bunch of videos of people burning already bought nike shoes lol




If you plan on burning your Nikes, go ahead and throw your Converse, and Hurley gear in the fire as well lol




*Introducing the Colin Kaepernick signature line of Nike kneepads*




"Believe in something. Even if it means sacrificing everything. Just do it."

-- Nike to their 3rd world factory workers




Tomorrow on r/nfl:

*”Commissioner Goodell announces that Adidas has become the NFL’s new aparrel partner.”*




Expect a tweet about "The failing Nike, Inc." in the near future.




[Everyone needs to see this video from Texas Senate Candidate Beto O'Rourke.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lAw9eXXVwfM)

“My short answer is no, I don't think it's disrespectful," O’Rourke said. "Here's my longer answer but I'm gonna try to make sure that I get this right because I think it's a really important question. And reasonable people can disagree on this issue. Let's begin there. And it makes them no less American to come down on a different conclusion on this issue, right?"

"Peaceful, non-violent protests, including taking a knee at a football game to point out that Black men, unarmed, Black teenagers, unarmed and Black children, unarmed, are being killed at a frightening level right now, including by members of law enforcement, without accountability, and without justice," he added. "And this problem – as grave as it is – is not gonna fix itself and they're frustrated, frankly, with people like me, and those in positions of public trust and power, who have been unable to resolve this or bring justice for what has been done and to stop it from continuing to happen in this country. And so non-violently, peacefully, while the eyes of this country are watching these games, they take a knee to bring our attention and our focus to this problem to ensure that we fix it. That is why they are doing it. And I can think of nothing more American than to peacefully stand up, or take a knee, for your rights, any time, anywhere, in any place.”

-From Sports Illusrated




How many people boycotting right now are wearing white New Balances?




Never make the mistake to think Nike actually cares about social issues. They are using this for their own (potential) gain.




If anyone hates nike now & also owns the Nike element react 87’s white sail I’ll be happy to take them off your hands.




How does Sports Illustrated even exist anymore?




On the same day I find out The New Yorker has booked Bannon for their festival. Guess which brand gets it in this scenario? 




Nike, built off the back of cheap labor. Cheers, on labor day of all times. 




I understand that Kaep was the first to be picked up by the media, but I wish this had gone to Malcom Jenkins. He is the spokesman this issue deserves, his arguments are well though out and he has specific changes he wants made, and as a Cowboys fan that isn't the easiest thing to admit.




I am collecting new or like new Nike shoes to put into a giant Nike burn pile because Nike sucks!  Pm me for an address to send your donation shoes to.
.
.
.
.
On a totally unrelated note, check out my EBay store for deeply discounted new or like new Nike shoes.  




I can not wait for Tomi Lauren’s twitter melt down while she still calls everyone else snowflakes and unpatriotic for not worshipping Trump. 




This is cool of Nike, but it reminds me of [Commodify Your Dissent](https://www.amazon.com/Commodify-Your-Dissent-Salvos-Baffler/dp/0393316734) (i.e. about how corporations learned to market rebellion/revolution).




US Navy Submarine Veteran here. Father was one as well. I dont get how Kaep protesting is disrespectful to veterans at all. Support troops. Support freedom of speech. Support peaceful protest. Cheers.




Do people not know that Nike are an incredibly scummy company? Like, cigarettes scummy. 




 Can one of you photoshop wizards do a version with a little kid in a sweatshop that gets paid peanuts by nike.




There's a senator on Staten Island that posted it on FB. Holy hell, It was like watching Piranha feed. 




I believe Jordan said "Republicans buy shoes too"




Nothing like exploiting a meaningful act of civil disobedience to sell shoes.




Seems like a lot of people have simply forgotten the completely insane and idiotic things he's said and did while he was still playing:

* [First](https://bleacherreport.com/articles/2477126-colin-kaepernick-deletes-instagram-post-claiming-7torms-caused-severe-flooding) was the whole "7torms coming" post on Instagram just days after Houston was hit with storms which caused severe flooding.  

* [This](http://www.latimes.com/sports/nfl/la-sp-colin-kaepernick-socks-20160901-snap-htmlstory.html#) was his justification for wearing those pig socks:

> People of color have been targeted by police. So that’s a large part of it, and **they’re government officials. They are put in place by the government. So that’s something that this country has to change. There’s things we can do to hold them more accountable, make those standards higher.**

* Remember when he [equated](https://bleacherreport.com/articles/2666244-colin-kaepernick-comments-on-donald-trump-hillary-clinton-presidential-debate) Trump and Clinton?

> Both are proven liars, and it almost seems like they’re trying to debate who's less racist. And at this point, talking with one of my friends, it was, you have to pick the lesser of two evils, but in the end, it’s still evil.

> He always says, 'Make America great again.' Well, America has never been great for people of color, and that's something that needs to be addressed.  **Let's make America great for the first time.**

* Knowing that he said all of the above, knowing that he advocated changing the government, he still did not [vote](https://www.cnn.com/2016/11/14/sport/49ers-qb-colin-kaepernick-explains-why-he-didnt-vote/index.html):

> You know, I think it would be hypocritical of me to vote, **I said from the beginning I was against oppression, I was against the system of oppression. I'm not going to show support for that system. And to me, the oppressor isn't going to allow you to vote your way out of your oppression.**

* Earlier this year he [donated](https://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/9coyg1/colin_kaepernick_becomes_the_face_of_nikes_30th/?limit=500) $20,000 to a group known as "Assata's Daughters" whose statement says it "carries on the tradition of radical liberatory activism encompassed by Assata Shakur."  Assata Shakur is a convicted cop killer living on the lam in Cuba.

* A quick [perusal](https://twitter.com/Kaepernick7?ref_src=twsrc%5Egoogle%7Ctwcamp%5Eserp%7Ctwgr%5Eauthor) of his Twitter profile shows his obvious disdain for police.  And he retweets gems like this [one](https://twitter.com/LeftSentThis/status/1028373978836946945):

> Play this on repeat for the, “We need more Black police in the Black community,” crowd, **that still don’t understand that anti-Blackness is foundational to doing the “work” of being a police officer. Said another way, you don’t have to be white to do the “work” of white supremacy.**

* [Compared](https://twitter.com/Kaepernick7/status/875832378501074944) police to slave catchers.  

* He [defended](https://www.miamiherald.com/sports/spt-columns-blogs/armando-salguero/article117033883.html) Fidel Castro.

* His [girlfriend](https://www.theguardian.com/sport/2017/sep/06/colin-kaepernick-ray-lewis-baltimore-ravens-nessa-diab-nfl) tweeted out that the Ravens owner, Steve Biscotti, was the equivalent of a slave owner and that Ray Lewis was his house slave.  

This ad campaign slogan is, "Believe in something.  Even if it means sacrificing everything."  He's been under contract with Nike since 2011.  He just signed this new multi-million dollar endorsement deal.  Outside of playing (as a starter) in the NFL, he hasn't sacrificed anything.  This same guy who allegedly claims to stand up for oppressed people, signed a multi-million dollar deal with a company known to [discriminate](https://www.nytimes.com/2018/08/10/business/nike-discrimination-class-action-lawsuit.html).  Oh, and they use [sweatshops](https://qz.com/1042298/nike-is-facing-a-new-wave-of-anti-sweatshop-protests/).  Forgive me if I don't think his entire protest was genuine, and wasn't driven to heighten his martyr image for this exact purpose.  




I absolutely fucking hate the state of politics in 2018 




Nike's marketing department is brilliant. This is up there with the Tiger Woods commercial after his divorce that used his deceased dad's voice talking about what he'd tell Tiger every time he'd fucked up.




Papa John announces new athletic shoe line in 3, 2, 1...




Diehard 49ers fan here. Kap didn't start 'the movement' in his 3 straight playoff appearances. 

Kap didn't start 'the movement' when he had every single camera on him at the Super Bowl. 

Kap started 'the movement' when he got wind that he was about to get CUT. Please remember this. Although some good things have come from this, his motives were 100% selfish. This is why NFL teams won't hire him. He screwed over the 49ers and took up a roster spot just so he could stay on the payroll. 




This is a good strategy. Kaepernick may be controversial in the NFL, but Nike almost certainly makes more money on their sportswear for other sports. And Kaepernick enjoys *huge* support in the NBA. This is to move basketball sneakers, not football pads. 




"Believe in something, even if it means sacrificing everything. #JustDoIt."
the [irony](https://twitter.com/teamsweat?lang=en) blows my mind sometimes.




orange man and orange man belief bad




Very wise business move. 

Millions of woke people will run to buy those shoes made in horrible asian sweatshops.

Capitalism works!







It was a gutsy move.  I would have loved to see the conversation about this in the boardroom.   Rarely do you see corporations take this kind of risk and I guess we’ll find out how the money shakes out for them in the future 




And then the President of Iran tweets about Colin Kaepernick:

https://twitter.com/ahmadinejad1956/status/1036685396837625856?s=21

Edit: Ex-President




You know I support the kneeling, but sort of hate Kaep. His comments praising Castro were insulting, comparing Ray Lewis to a slave and the Ravens owner to a slaveholder is vaguely racist, and calling cops modern day slave catchers wasn't helpful to anything.

Also #7torm was was down right idiotic. 

Idk. I just wish that this dude wasn't the fact of the NFL protests. 




Have you seen those dipshits who cut the swooshes of their nike socks? 




WHAT IF instead of destroying the clothes you donated them to the homeless veterans......just saying




Aaand start the countdown until you know who starts claiming Nike is a desperate, failing, America-hating company and his fans try to boycott it..




I find the threats of boycott currently being leveled against Nike on social media by alt-righters to be absurdly hilarious.

I mean, Nike doesn't produce shirts or other articles of clothing with semi-nude 10 year-old anime girls on them, so it's not like these people were ever their customers to begin with.

And nothing of value was lost!




Strong hints of what-aboutism.

By Nike and Kaep doing this, you are talking about elements of these issues with others that may not have happened without this move.

The whole point is to get the conversation going about these issues and collectively address the problem.




This is great. Where can I buy my Kaeptain America shoes?




It will be interesting to see how this affects their sales.  




The impending tweet storm is going to be worse than Maria. 




The best thing about this is seeing people destroy their own property to "stick it" to Nike. They really don't grasp that (a) Nike already got their money when they brought the item and (b) they just created a new expense to have to replace it. If you look at all the brands Nike owns (in part or outright) that's a hefty bill if you burn and replace it all. Idiots through and through. 




I find this thread amusing because the line between people who know absolutely nothing about football and never saw him play, those who are trolling and those who are actually racist is so blurred.




There was this blonde escort in Sedona that had the Nike logo and the words "Just Do It" tattooed on her ass.  Man, she was hot.  




>The NFL season will start this week, unfortunately once again Kaepernick is not on a NFL roster. Even though he is one of the best Quarterbacks in the league...

Former Iranian president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad




A guy who doesnt even play. What a feat!




Pay the people that make your shoes $75 a month, but hire a social justice celebrity to lead your advertising campaign. Now that's neo-liberalism.




If you look to multi national mega corporations to promulgate your political beliefs you're an idiot. That goes for both sides.  




You know, I’m a fan of the movement and the approach made to bring awareness to the issues and once was a big fan of Colin Kaepernick. Unfortunately, once finding out that Colin Kaepernick didn’t vote I lost a lot of respect for the man. His reasoning that “voting would be hypocritical” is shameful to African Americans and the community that fought so much for that right. 




The Fox News Facebook page’s post on this is definitely going to be a calm and respectable place.    /s




Good move by Nike.  Jump on the Kaepernick train and divert attention away from their numerous shady and unethical business practices 




Regardless of your political beliefs, Kaepernick really hasn’t done anything in the NFL for a while now — and wasn’t very good even when he was relevant. I think this is a silly decision.




Apparently Nike stock dropped 2.1 points after this 




Reports: Nike shares are falling Tuesday morning 




Lol @ the sweat shop slavers virtue signaling to black americans. Nike is so full of shit.




Nike will probably get a lot of publicity and this will be a successful advertising campaign.

Nike knows what flavor Jolly Rancher, what TV show, and what deodorant their customers and potential customers like and use...

...so Nike is "going to go out on a limb" with this by knowingly doing something unpopular with their consumers because all of Nike's business decisions are all about doing what's right over what's profitable?

Or did I miss something?




Sorting by controversial. I’m going in boys




The old reverse Papa Johns strategy 




Oh shit are people going to stop wearing nike now.




The slogan is just do it. I mean, he did it. What more can you expect.




A "uniform sponsor" that will never wear another NFL uniform in official capacity again? Interesting




More of a sketchers / adidas king of guy. Could care less.




I expect to see a huge drop in the sale of Air Monarch IV's




I doubt either party cares. It’s just a mere public relation campaign. Basically, just a pocket filler, so to speak.  






I wonder if he will vote this time...

https://edition-m.cnn.com/2016/11/14/sport/49ers-qb-colin-kaepernick-explains-why-he-didnt-vote/index.html




This is all about Nike and Kaepernick. I agree with his stand and support the player's right to protest, but this is about Nike and Kaep. Anyone believing anything different is naive.

If anything this hurts his image and gives the anti-Kaepernick people fuel. "Obviously this was all about making money!"




"How do we get customers to throw their old gear away and buy new gear?"     
"Does it have to be the same customers?"  




I can't even begin to care about Kaepernick anymore when I'm in so much awe that a company which has been synonymous with sweatshops and child labor for decades is now trying to launch an ad campaign for an ethics issue.




It looks like it might have been an expensive decision.

https://www.thewrap.com/colin-kaepernick-nike-stock-loses-4-billion-market-cap/




Yea the company that outsources what could be middle class manufacturing jobs and uses borderline slave labor in China is trying to act like they care about the good of the American people. What a joke. 




How progressive of Nike's all white leadership team.  Maybe for their 40th anniversary they will really put themselves out there and promote a minority into a position of power within the company. 
https://about.nike.com/pages/executives




I won't buy Nike and will boycott. I won't burn anything, I just want buy any of their products. I think Kapernick is a Thug. Not because he is black,  because I'm black. But because he is disrespectful. I'm shocked Nike would even go there and use this guy. It's the beginning of the end for Nike. Not ALL black people think he should kneel during our anthem.




Oh boy get the popcorn, I want to see some Air Jordan's burn! 




But like he’s not even a professional athlete at the moment lol. 

When he was one he was arguably not even a very good one.




Don't even inconvenience yourself to go Vote. 'Just do it' 




Nike is a worldwide company, the publicity they get out of this supersedes Rednecks boycotting them




And the shitty mods of /r/nfl are deleting every thread about it. Surprise, surprise 




I don't wear nike anyway,, so I cant stop wearing it, but I did put in an order to sell my shares, just in case the stock goes down. remember we sell high..... not low... it is high now. great time to sell.




For those of you boycotting Nike and have shoes that aren't funky, inbox me for my address so u can send all your Nike stuff that u mad at 




what about Pat TIllman as the face...he 'did it' and died for his country....oh that's right, can't do that...he was a real hero not a social warrior.




Dude plays off and on for 6 seasons in the NFL, opts out, starts a movement to bring attention to injustice, and proceeds to make millions as face of social justice for a company that sells overpriced shoes made by children in foreign sweat shops.
 
'Murica.




Sort by: controversial.  You're welcome. 




Has anybody thought that why Colin K. hasn't been hired by an NFL team might be because he isn't that good and is a unnecessary distraction in the locker room?




First & foremost Kaepernick is a professional NFL quarterback. & he sucks at his job. That is all.




[deleted]




At this point if you think kneeling is anti-patriotic, or anti-veteran, you’re either racist, a bigot, an asshole, an idiot, or all of them. 




Cool. Good for him. Good for Nike.




oooo boy here come the tami and donnie tweets, I can hear the reeeeee already




those racists are gonna be piiiiiiissed

Edit: damn, Yall love that colorful piece of fabric don't you? 




Powerful and effective advertisement, artistically. However, it is absurdly stupid to broadcast political allegiance as a business. We've seen what happened with Papa John's. This does nothing to increase business with those who support your message, but creates negative sentiment with dissenters.

It will be ironic when this ad is essentially a Nike revenue sacrifice for the sake of sending a message that nobody wants or needs to hear from an apparel brand




Nike wants to make their 30th about police abuse and violence. Good for them. 




Just picture it, a full page grayscale image of kapernick kneeling in an end zone with a colorized american flag waving in the back of the frame.
"Just Do It." Along the bottom

You're already commiting to pissing the president off, might as well lean-in




Anyone planning on burning your size 9 Nike’s, you can just donate them to me. Thanks! 




why football man not stand up!!! that hurts my feelings!




Why have him selling shoes when he is on his knees all the time?




What better way to fight oppression than to become the face to a corporation that uses sweat shops to make their product for pennies on the dollars. 

Really pat yourself on the back there Kaep. 




Oh hell yeah. There's no one I respect more than Colin Kaepernick. 

Not often someone gets rewarded for doing the right thing and going against the establishment. 

"We believe Colin is one of the most inspirational athletes of this generation, who has leveraged the power of sport to help move the world forward." 

Totally. That man is courage and class personified.




So what, Nike is some huge champion of civil rights now? 




Absolutely deserves it.  Good for him.




Uh, don't care. Don't fucking care about millionaires and thier sweat shop labor shoes. This is not news. It's a non-troversey wrapped in advertisement. And yet I commented, damn. You won this round Madison Ave.




Dude has just been doing it all along. 

He earned this.




People have pretty much made their minds up already on where they stand on this.   A 2016 poll showed that about 60 percent of people didn't approve of what he was doing, even though most of them agreed that he had the right to do so.

&#x200B;

If you really look at the full picture, of black men being killed by cops, you need to see the reality of the situation.   Where should cops be?   They should be where the crime rate is relatively high, right?   Crime is high in areas where there is a dense population of people in poverty.   These areas generally have a higher percentage of minorities.  Heck, most of these areas are heavily skewed racially with the vast majority of people in these areas being African American.

Taking that in to context, with a high police profile, and many people with low incomes in a densely populated area, who has a higher likelihood of coming into contact with police who are used to dealing with people who are violent, have warrants, drugs, etc?   Of course there are going to be more violent altercations.   If there was a black neighborhood where only doctors and lawyers and wealthy African Americans lived, I doubt there would be a large police presence because facts are that those who commit crimes like robbery, burglary, murder, street drug dealing, etc are usually impoverished.  A lot of those murders are gang-related, as well.   The black-on-black violence outscales white-on-white violence when taking into account the African American population in comparison to the white population.

&#x200B;

I'm wondering if Kaepernick really sits and thinks about these things or if he just goes by emotion and what he sees on the television.  I don't personally follow the guy, so maybe if someone does and they read and interview where he really takes those things into consideration, you can enlighten me.  While every American has the RIGHT to assert their political views, it might not help you keep your job.  He was hired to play football, not stand on a political soapbox.




> "We believe Colin is one of the most inspirational athletes of this generation, who has leveraged the power of sport to help move the world forward," Gino Fisanotti, Nike's vice president of brand for North America, told ESPN.

What a refreshing statement to hear during a time when athletes are only encouraged to be seen and not heard.





A publicity stunt if i've ever seen one




This is good for Nike on so many levels. Just to focus on brand though...

- it’s edgy  
- it’s loyal  
- it’s all about the athlete  
- it’s all about freeing the individual  





This seems like a stupid business move from Nike 




Its a shame they couldn't find a talented player to be the face of their new campaign.




Will ESPN be showing these commercials during the national anthem?




The troll posts on that tweet are incredibly depressing.




If y'all don't want your Nikes anymore I'll gladly accept them




Buying Nike stock when the market opens 




It looks like the right time for this move. Nike has to have demographic info that suggests the tide has turned—or is about to turn—in favor of the players. A campaign now makes it look like they’re coming in at the forefront when they’re actually years late. 

Still, this is a positive development. 




Even if the only take away was the conversation it sparked, don't you think he should be at least acknowledged for staying true? He could've stopped, taken a solid back up job in the NFL for a million dollar plus and that would be that. 

The phrase 'you miss the shots you don't take' gets thrown around a lot. But all great civil rights movements have actions at the core. Maybe this one didn't work. But he tried to better peoples situation at the cost of his own. And he didn't give up either, he kept on fighting as he lost his meal ticket, and his childhood dream as a QB in the NFL. but he thought he could make a difference, so he gave it everything he had, despite his president, some of his 'fans' and his career. 

Isn't that respectable? Maybe you don't agree with the point of view but shouldn't America celebrate the first amendments power and the motivation for progress the country strives to have?

It would be interesting to hear other opinions on this, just to see it another way to see it would be helpful, especially if I'm 'way off'




Oh hell yes I’m about to sort this by controversial. 




Isn’t it a little unethical for Nike to be making profits off of racial tension? 




Its a bold strategy Cotton, lets see if it pays off for em




But he can't 'just do it's. No one's hiring him.




Looks like I. "won't do" Nike anymore...




I thought this was going to be an Onion article. He just isn't a good QB or team member honestly. 




I’m a 40 year old white guy. I have never watched an entire nfl football game ever so taking a knee isn’t something I’d even be aware of if it weren’t for the media.  

 I think the problem of killing unarmed black people and on a much larger scale, the disproportionate percentage of prisoners who are black is HUGE and demands more attention.  

From my perspective, kneeling during the games has not brought attention to the issues that are being protested.  Instead of the media and the public focusing on murder and prisons, everyone is busy expending all their resources arguing about kneeling and the anthem.  

Some say that YOU don’t get to decide what their protest means, as if it’s somehow wrong to be white offended by the disrespect shown during the anthem.  This is like saying that black people shouldn’t be offended by the southern flag, because to the guy flying it the message all about heritage or honoring the dead or some such nonsense.   Both things can be true.  It can be a symbol of heritage to one group and terrible offensive to another.   This is similiar to kneeling during the anthem.  One group says it’s just a form of protest and not meant to be disrespectful.  A different group sees the behavior as super offensive and spitting on the graves of soldiers.

I think each side has the right to interpret the protest differently.  I also don’t think Nike is likely to be hurt by this decision.    




So has Nike improved their manufacturing from their sweat shop days? Because if yes I am going to go buy my first pair. 




Apparently they've forgotten Jordan's mantra: Republicans buy sneakers, too. 




I am suddenly overcome by an urge to buy a new pair of Nikes!




Republicans: "heh, stupid liberals boycotting in-n-out. like that'll change anything."

Also Republicans: "FUCK NIKE, THE ENTIRE NFL, KEURIG, STARBUCKS, NETFLIX, OREOS, AMAZON, BOY SCOUTS AND STAR WARS REEEEEEEEEEEEEE"




Tariffs, coming soon to Nike shoes.




Conservatives will love this.  Now it's not interrupting their precious football, it's not the "wrong time and place for that", so they should have no problem with this!  Right?  Right??




can't wait to see the flag nerds get triggered




[They've already started trashing their Nike brand clothing...what utter twits](https://twitter.com/Progressive_Pol/status/1036771155565268993)




This is absolutely genius 

The biggest athletic supplier of the NFL taking a stance on this

Can’t wait for all the drama




Great now I can't wear a pair of shoes without people thinking I'm making a political statement 




Nike doesn't care about social justice causes.

It's all about eyes on product and money.




It's so weird how angry people are getting at Colin Kaepernick for protesting racial injustice. You'd think that'd be something everyone can get on board for!




56k points and 60% upvoted?

Definitely something fucky going on here.




Ironic when you remember that Nike is *still* profiting from slave labor.




Massive company attempts to relate to young liberals. Shocking.




Nike is cheap and uses child labor. Same as beyonce. 
Colin could have done so much more, but dude was destined for this weak excuse of a marketing campaign. 
His own high school took down a memorial of his time there. 

Nike is trash IMO. 




Seriously?? He wasn't even that good of a player? 




Lmao the word "racist" is being thrown around like candy in this comment section.




Bad ass! And so glad he's getting paid. Dude has gotten fucking screwed over by the NFL. 




The people angry about this are on the wrong side of history.




A bunch of white dudes in bass pro shop redhead jeans and white 2 year old new balance cross trainers just pulled their $0 a year from Nike. I’m sure it will hurt them a lot.




Racist wont boycott because they wear New Balance anyways.




What about justice for the folks doing backbreaking labor for Nike in China and Thailand? 




fuck that dri-fit i'm bout to pull up in those 3 stripes




Brilliant.  Nike just got $20 million in free publicity. 




I can’t decide if this is good marketing or bad. My guess is, it will work out in favor of Nike. I know all age groups wear Nike but they seem to appeal more to younger more athletic men and It seems to be more of the younger generation that support a players choice to stand or kneel. The older generations that disapprove of the players kneeling probably are not wearing Nike anyway so boycotting them won’t be as effective. I myself am in my 40’s and am not entirely sure how I feel on the subject matter therefore am not sure if I will quit buying Nike or continue to support them. 

This will be interesting to see how the company is affected and whether or not it boosts sales or they lose them.




This could be the ultimate "get woke, go broke"




I wish I could wear nike shoes. My feet are too wide. 

I’ll probably rock a Kap jersey to the steeler games I’ll go to though.




Wow, that's a ballsy move by Nike. 




Im so glad he’s actually been getting taken care of. I feel for him to raise the issues he has, he sacrificed his career. So I was under the impression he lost his livelihood. Im glad Nike took care of him bc it really says something that hes not even signed anymore.




someone explain to a non-american why this is news worthy?




Would still be in the league if he would've taken Nikes advice. 




45k upvotes, 4 hours old, and no longer on the frontpage…




He has had a better career not playing than he ever had playing .  All the glory and doesn't have get hit or even keep in shape.




You ever buy one brand of shoe, and keep buying that brand and the variant of the design, for the longest time, because you really enjoyed how nice the shoe fit and felt, and you didn't care about the company or who was endorsing the company, etc...

Essentially what I'm saying is that there might be people who buy Nike because of this, and people who stop buying Nike because of this, and then there's the rest of the world who could give a shit.




Thanos sacrificed everything and look where that got us. 




..how is nike only 30, arent there more than 30 Air Jordans.. and Prefontaine was well before that..




Brilliant fucking marketing. I’m impressed. 




*filters comments by controversial*




orange man and orange man belief bad




With Shia LeBouf coming in a close second.




i hate colin...he fucked me when i had 6 games right out of 7 on a 7 leg parlay that wouldve paid $25k...i shouldve hedged...but fuck it. ill blame him. 




"Hooray Millionaires!"

This is what some of y'all sound like. 




This is wonderful news for his cause, right? I mean the payday will be huge, so now he has that much morey to fight "police brutality". Obviously, there is no better ethics spokesperson available that Nike could have used.   It's the Jenner womam of the year award thing all over again.




I mean, it has to be for the political message because he's not a good quarterback




I’m not buying Nike shoes anymore! 

They just aren’t comfortable for me, and give me blisters.  That’s all




Meh. Who cares.

The last 2 pairs of Nike sneakers I bought fell apart in less than a year. They make crap now.

The only reason I'll be buying another pair, is that I dont know anybody else that makes all white leather sneakers.




At this point who cares? It was kind of a deal when it happened to understand why. But if you want to protest something, you should have every right to. I’m not offended and I lean towards the republican side. People take it as disrespecting the military or the flag when, I don’t get how that that’s translates honestly. But the US history is about people who’ve protested. Americans protested being controlled by the English, MLK protested that everyone should be equal, the civil war, all forms of protesting. Those are extreme examples, but in today’s environment to bring about change I would think requires a more talkative and civil way of protesting. If Nike wants to run a campaign on this subject power to them.  So like I said before who cares, if you want to bring about change great! But at this point if you have a problem, it’s most likely you. I’ll still buy Nike because they mostly have the best looking stuff. Personally Adidas needs to step up there game.




Finally a thread about this that isn’t locked. I haven’t followed his situation much, so i don’t have a clue. Do most of the players back him? I personally think the mans dedication is something worth respecting, even if you don’t like what he’s trying to do. 




Atleast he's not playing football anymore and hurting his team. 




Genius marketing. Nike has found a way to keep up with addias and squatting.




For someone out of the loop, what did he do to make people react this way? 




I'm not a Kaepernick fan in terms of things like his love for Castro & the shoes (how ironic) calling cops pigs. I also don't get involved with the cops vs African Americans issue. However I also have no problem with his kneeling. 

I've always thought people take the whole National Anthem protocol way too seriously. Patriotism and the display of it are a personal thing, I'm not required to do everything just so to prove that I appreciate living in the USA and that I appreciate those who've sacrificed. It's my body and my choice. If he were dancing or holding up a big sign that had curse words then ok, but he's not, he's kneeling. Big deal. 

If I had cancer and chemotherapy made me bald, I'm wearing a hat to hide that condition and I'm not taking it off and not taking it off doesn't make me a jerk who needs to leave the country. I work at a job where I stand all day if attended a game after work I might be inclined to stay seated to rest my legs. I can still, say, point to the sky or bow my head etc. That someone else stands even though they are in a wheelchair etc, yes that's inspiring, but it doesn't invalidate my position. It's that person's body to do as they please (again short of provocative dancing or displaying a vulgar sign etc) and it's mine as well.

{Too long didn't read: display of patriotism is a personal choice.}




that's the way to make money ... :-)  it's all about the dollar baby ...  what a joke.

&#x200B;




Just wanted to see how wild this thread was. Yep very wild




Who? Why is this so big?




This seems like something Trump will get personally involved in 




Admins in this and most default subs manipulate the narrative by banning opposing viewpoints. 




A quarterback who has been unsigned for two seasons? Why did they sign him? What market are they targeting? Commercialization of activism....so sad. 




I just save $120 on the new Nikes I was going to buy. No way I'm trashing all the Nike shirts, shorts, pants, shoes and hats I own but there is also no way I spend another dollar on anything nike produces. 




Just waiting for Nike to come out with the same add featuring an American soldier. Some video with some motivating speech and at the end they just have the nike logo with the word "mate" next to it.




Professional sports: overpaid overgrown children pretending what they are doing matters. 




I wonder what he thinks about child labor.




What is this all about, Mr. Kaepernick?

Let me first start by saying I fully believe that it is a person’s right to peacefully protest however they choose to do it. “Peaceful protest” is not altered because people are angered by it. If NFL players taking a knee pisses you off, that is a YOU-problem. I wish they would not do it, but they have that right. Secondly, congratulations to Mr. Kaepernick on the big Nike contract – this is what capitalism is all about.  
However, I am confused about the issues now. First it was police brutality, then it was social injustice, now it is what?  
*Let’s talk about it.*  
This movement has taken a lot of turns.  
This all began on August 26, 2016 when Colin Kaepernick decided to sit during the national anthem. After the game he said "I am not going to stand up to show pride in a flag for a country that oppresses black people and people of color. To me, this is bigger than football and it would be selfish on my part to look the other way. There are bodies in the street and people getting paid leave and getting away with murder.” Then within a week, he wore socks that depicted police officers as pigs – which happens to be derogatory in nature. He associated those socks with “rogue cops.” Which is what these police officers who shoot unarmed people are – rogue. Every profession, ethnicity, community, etc … has bad apples; police officers are not immune to it. Kaepernick also followed this up with the revelation that he does not vote **and** that he had not, to that point, donated any of his money to help causes he is protesting.  
To sum it up, Kaepernick protested, then wore derogatory socks that portrayed a community as a whole but tried to say it was only meant for the few, then said he doesn’t vote, and then sad he doesn’t donate money – but he wants people to fix the problems. I’m confused too.  
Then it was showtime. Kaepernick began defending Fidel Castro’s policies. He said that Castro put more money into the education system than the prison system. That could be because Cuba did not need a prison, seeing as how they would assassinate you in your house, *in front of your kids* – but, apparently, that type of oppression can be overlooked if we throw a little extra money into the school system. Now I’m even more confused.  
Whether you agree or not, this made Kaepernick the face of the NFL protest. Now it doesn’t matter how well Malcom Jenkins handles it, this is Kaepernick’s battle and it always will be.  
Kaepernick claims to be “fight oppression of all kinds globally.” Just go look at his website.  
Nike’s checkbook may have changed that stance, though.  
Why? Well……  
In August 2018 a class action suit was filed against Nike by women. Among the allegations were:  


1. Executives were calling female counterparts “dykes” on “several occasions.”
2. A female employee started and was told her wage was “non-negotiable.” 2 months later, a male counterpart was hired to the same position but at a higher salary.
3. A male co-worker sent nude photographs to a female co-worker and followed that with more harassing text messages. After the female co-worker told the male co-worker to stop, the male co-worker began withholding information from the female co-worker. That information was imperative for the female co-worker to perform her job. The make co-worker also began skipping meetings that the female co-worker schedule and encouraged other co-workers to skip the meetings as well.
4. HR was informed of all of these incidents, but never took action.

I know what you might be saying – “these are just allegations.” That is my first response also. However, Nike publicly said they have “failed to promote enough women and minorities” and also said they have cultural issues. That is as close to an admission as you will get regarding allegations.  
What about those Nike sweatshops? Since the 1990’s Nike has used Chinese sweatshops to create their products. The workforce there, which is mostly women, works 60-84 hours a week, roughly 16 hours a day – but “earn” on average $62 a week. These shops have been criticized for using children in their factory’s and working them at the same rates for even less money. That sounds a little bit like slavery.  
How does Nike think they can be forgiven the quickest? Maybe sign Colin Kaepernick because he “fights oppression.”  
But let me ask you this Mr. Kaepernick, what about that oppression against “women and minorities?” Is it just about the money? What about Nike taking advantage of children in China to save a few dollars in the U.S.? Adidas and Puma were recruiting you for the same thing, why choose Nike when they have this type of systematic oppression going on in their own building? I thought we were fighting all social injustice here?  
A lot of this is confusing.  
But I do know one thing, if signing a multi-million dollar, multi-year deal with Nike is “sacrificing everything,” sign me up.  

[http://www.the-closing-argument.com/closing-arguments/what-is-this-all-about-mr-kaepernick](http://www.the-closing-argument.com/closing-arguments/what-is-this-all-about-mr-kaepernick)




Props to Nike. Huge gamble they are taking right now 




Fuck yeah, Nike!

Now just... you know... stop the child labor...




Brillant move. The demographic most likely to rock Nike heavy will want it even more after the right-wing rage this generates.




I love it . It’s a big fuck you to everyone 




*sorts by controversial* 




I can't believe people still care about this




I am awaiting trump's tweet talking about how bad Nikes business practices are....I give it 24 hours.




This is surprising. I didnt think anyone would want to go near Kaepernick after everything.

Nike are bold as fuck for this move, I wanna see how this works out. Overall, I'm happy for Kaep and support him 100%.




i got my controversial tab ready 

I'm going in captain. 




All the kneeling b.s. aside; Is it just me, or is there something about Colin Kaepernick that’s kind of annoying. 





Watching Republicans on twitter destroying their already-purchased Nike products is a treat.




Politics aside, I think it’s a business miss. Am I missing something here? No seriously, the people they are appealing to already buy a ton of shoes 




In all honesty, forgot political sides... I just miss the days when sports was an escape from politics, the news, and the daily grind. I absolutely despise how sports has become politicized now, on either side.




Good for him. He needs a job




I don't really buy much Nike gear to begin with, but anyone who's angry enough to "boycott" Nike over this is a fucking snowflake.




Oh Damn... ‘bout to be a whole lotta 50-70 year old white folks dropping their Nikes for a new pair of Yeezy’s.




Wow the censorship is real...

Why on earth was the top controversial post with 4x gold removed? It did not break any rules. Why are you trying to hide it?




Just here to say I don't give a fuck about kneeling but kaepernick can suck a chode.

Fuck the 9ers!!! Scourge of the division! 




Nike gonna start selling pig socks soon?




Right-side talking points on display in this and other Cap/Nike threads today:

"bUt NiKes R mAde iN swEaTshOps bY littLe KiiiiiDs!"

Nike cleaned up that bullshit 20 years ago. Find a new slant.

"iT's sTuPiD fOr coRpoRAtiOns tO TakE a PolITicaL sTancE, LooK wHaT hAppeneD to PapA John's!"

If you can't tell the difference between Papa John dropping n-bomb on a god damn recorded conference call and refusing to give his workers health insurance vs. Cap telling the world he's sick of watching black people get gunned down by cops, I don't know what the fuck to tell you, apart from maybe "Please stay home on election day." 




Welp. Looks like I gotta buy some Nikes.




Meh- mediocre quarterback that no one cares about anymore. This is like making an all girls Ghostbusters movie. It’ll blow over and be forgotten. 




“Republicans buy sneakers too” 

-Michael Jordan




According to some people in this thread, an international company losing a small segment of middle age men with strong political views in exchange for far more across other demographics in one country is something to worry over




How many products are Republicans boycotting nowadays?




nike will no longer get any sales from me for supporting this ungrateful spoiled little brat, their stocks going down too so so I'm not the only one. 




interesting to note that some republican politicians care more about some athletes kneeling than they care about climate change.




Looks like I'm buying some new Nikes




This couldn’t be more perfect. 




NFL gon’ lose they shit lmao




The only people that will boycott because of this pronounce it “nyk” instead of “nykee” anyways...




“Nike is a lame rag-tag shoe company that has always been un-American by dressing teams from other countries. Weak marketing effort! I like Reebok!”

-@realDonaldTrump, probably...




Trump and his shitty followers aren’t  going to like this, but fuck em.




It begins, lol: https://twitter.com/liberty4freemen/status/1036744909460529153?s=21




Where's Mike Pence?  Trump's Paid Protester? :D




Lmao every Republican will be talking about this for the next year lol 




"I felt a great disturbance in the Force, as if millions of Republicans were triggered.  I fear something awesome has happened."

&#x200B;

\-Obama-Wan Kenobi




Seriously can’t wait for the pics from the pathetic “boycotts”.  




Makes sense. The shit he got himself in best exemplifies the slogan.

Doesn't hurt that things will get more interesting. Keep going strong! I love the butthurt!




These fuckers at Nike really know a thing or two about marketing. Kudos. 




I’m conflicted on Kaep.. disagree with some of his views but he has put his money up for some worthy causes. 




The bravest troops, the most worthy heroes, aren't the ones whining about these protests. It's the guys who were fuck-ups in high school, and proceeded to be fuck-ups in the military, got DD'd or quit, and are continuing to be fuck-ups in their adult life.

The worst part is that all these fuck-ups have social media, too.




The comments here are just wow.




Regardless of whether you agree with Colin’s statement or his methods everyone has to contend that he drew massive attention to the platform that sports hold in our lives. These athletes, and many other celebrities, have proven that they can steer national conversation and even affect the day to day operations of the most powerful man in the world. If that isn’t “just doing it” idk what is. 




Hopefully it stirs up enough controversy to actually get the public to give a shit about their use of [child labor](https://abcnews.go.com/Business/story?id=88176&page=1) , the [inhumane working conditions](https://www.theguardian.com/business/2017/jun/25/female-cambodian-garment-workers-mass-fainting) , and their [tendency to cover up those issues](https://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/nike-labor-rights-vietnam_us_56d893f2e4b0000de403b7d0)

but whatever I guess, as long as someone is owning the Libs / Conservatards




Re-triggering the already triggered trigger supporters.




Americans don’t care enough to vote, let alone boycott shoes. 




Why isn’t this posted to r/upliftingnews?




Pretty cool how these asshats now have to burn all the NFL gear they bought after Nike became the exclusive outfitter of all NFL clothing last season.




Should be called “just lose it”




Yikes. Both sides are just frothing at the mouths today. Sure glad everyone is keeping an open mind about politics and looking to expand their views.




Who cares about the kneeling. This is dumb cuz Kap sucks




I don't agree with him at all, and I don't believe that his misguided opinions are leading the country in a positive direction, but I guess I respect him for "sticking to his guns" in spite of the backlash.

  It's a little aggravating that he and Nike turned a social justice issue into a marketing ploy, but it's getting a lot of attention. Well done, I guess. $$$




Didn't Nike just lay a bunch of people off about a year ago?




I wont buy anymore nike shoes. 




Do the shoes come with knee pads?




I can now trigger the right, and all I have to do is keep wearing my shoes.




I guess Nike was looking for a way to tank their sales. 




“I’m going to burn these shoes I paid $60 for! That’ll show the libs!”




Im not gonna throw my nike hat away, but im not gonna go buy more nike shit because of this. marketing mixed with politics is all it is. Dont be a sucker. Nike doesnt give a fuck about police brutality, they're literally working children to death in sweat shops around the globe. now you guys are clapping because of some guy raised by white parents, who gave him everything is complaining about police brutality and he  only started this  when he was playing shitty QB.




I used to live in San Francisco and had the pleasure of listening to Kaep on the local news when he played for the 49'ers.    Let me just say, he's far from bright; and what's worse he thinks he's an adorned PhD professor.    So sick of hearing about this clown in a Che shirt.




"hurr durr companies should stay out of politics"  
  
*x company gives 100s of millions to a senator*  
  
"thats different!"




all of a sudden reddit loves nike despite criticizing them for their shitty practices and child exploitation in sweatshops overseas

but hey at least a multi-millionaire privileged athlete is kneeling for a "cause" he has never experienced




This is great. Now t_d will be toothless *and* shoeless.




He was a good QB in college, but he just couldn’t transition into a pocket passer which I think the problem is. What NFL team is willing to change their scheme for one player??? Tim Tebow was a good QB in college, but he just couldn’t transition into a pocket passer and kept to scrambling. Good Qb yes. Good NFL Qb no. On top of that, he brings a lot of drama with him. He’s not getting paid to show his political views on the field. He’s getting paid to win games which obviously didn’t work out well. 




[removed]




God I wish this guy would just go away. I used to be a big fan, but now I just can’t stand him. What about Lebron for this? He would be way more fitting. He is a perfect example of hard work and determination. He’s also currently an athlete unlike kaepernick. Plus Lebron’s name is so much easier to spell. 




For a website that hates on corporations and attention seekers so much, nike and kaepernick sure are getting some praise in this thread




Regardless of your opinion on Kaepernick, you have to admit that this is a genius marketing decision.




Why play your national anthem before games that are part of a domestic league anyway? Where I live the national anthem never gets played before a sports game unless it's international.

American nationalism is so strong, and kinda creepy. 




[deleted]




He didn't even vote in the 2016 election.




ITT: Virtue signaling and strawmen




Anyone feeling pissed off and feel like throwing their Nike element react 87s sail size 7.5 pls throw them my way. 

Thanks.




The alt-right burning their Nike stuff on Twitter are hilarious.




If the world would be honest for one second it would realize that Colin is and always was right. He stood up for the black people who have long been treated unfairly. If anyone says this is not true then they are either avoiding the facts or actively trying to manipulate them. Black people have to live in fear of the police in many areas of the US. It’s not a choice, it’s the reality of every day life. He “disrespected the flag” by asking for justice for all? Really? Then what does that flag stand for? So many people believe they aren’t racist just because they don’t own slaves or make people use separate bathrooms. Well guess what, it’s either equality or it isn’t. You can’t say we have equality and still try to keep people “in their place.”  Their place is beside you. If it isn’t, then you are racist, whether you have black friends or not. 

*At least one person downvoted this. Someone believed that black people should always fear oppression. Someone felt like equality shouldn’t be a goal. Well, downvote then. History should have already made you aware but maybe someday it will. 




Thank you Nike for standing up for all citizens. Not just the white ones. 




People who are pissed about this need a life. 




Hooray for supporting sweatshops and child slavery!!!




Say what you will about his politics, he sucks at football.




My favourite part is all the outraged rednecks. 




This thread is cool because it allows you to see which users are upset about a guy who used to play football making some money because you don't like his political views and skin color.  Damn don't y'all have a Confederate monument to protect or some shit?




Meanwhile, the mods in r/NFL are so scared to allow a post of this they are actively blocking any attempts of a submission.

I would know. I literally posted about 10 articles about this story and every one is not being allowed. I'm even taken to posts from other Redditors who got their submissions taken down.

Really sad. But also a PERFECT mirror to what is happening right now in the NFL in regards to Kaepernick.




That's a bold move, cotton.




Can't wait for Trump supporters to #BoycottNike and Trump's angry tweets.




Kaepernick has found a way to make everyone forget just how bad of a player he was and turned his shitty NFL career into multi million dollar brand deals.

But I’m all for people trying to make money so he can do him.




Yet again Trump nuts prove that they are the real snowflakes by getting extremely upset over someone getting an advertising job.




Love him or hate him, he really did put everything on the line for his belief. I can appreciate that.




Seriously,  I just want to watch football.  Take the politics to CNN or FOX news.  I'm tired of this shit.  Fuck Nike and Colin Kaepernick.   I don't need their shoes or agenda.  Politics is good buisness only if you're a politician.   I'm done with the dumb ass NFL.  How does European football look?  




Lmao, why? The dude is straight garbage 




[deleted]




Nike is a shit overpriced brand anyway.




- Communist

- Calls police “pigs”

- Ignores many veteran’s requests to protest at a different time or venue

- Demonstrates sophomoric understanding of politics

- Often makes patently false statements 

- Bizarrely defends mass rapist / mass murderer Fidel Castro on national television 

If you want to “just watch football” instead of hearing about this brilliant man, you are a racist I say!




*sorts by controversial*

Yep, exactly what I expected.




Something something disrespecting muh flag




It appears im running short on Nike apparels. Time to stock up!!! :-) LOLOL ;-)




People who oppose kneeling wear skechers anyway




Of course Nike is using social justice to sell shoes. What’s new 




Who cares about a never-was quarterback. 




Nike is making money off of police brutality ? 





God damnit, now my sports talk and political talk radio are fucked this week




I’ve bought plenty of Nike’s. If they’re okay with writing me off then that’s their business decision. Maybe it’s genius, but maybe it isn’t.




It’s just virtue signaling 




And just like that.. I will never buy nike shoes again. What a shame.




I hate it when I  go on a thread that brings up a heated topic, and I go to the comments to see what people think, and a large portion of the top comments are just “grabbing my popcorn” or “can’t wait to sort by controversial”. 




I hope he kneels for the terrible working conditions that make the clothing he is advertising





Couldn't they have picked someone that can actually win?  1-10 lmao




Sacrifice EVERTYTHING!? What planet do Nike executives live on?




[deleted]




Shouldn't that be the 'Just Dont' campaign?




Trump is LIVID!

Time for him to send 'Paid Protester' Pence out there :D




That's awesome, fuck the racist hate.




The whole world hates Trump and Nike is global. If Trump says one bad thing it’s on... free press. The stupid conservative Americans they lose will be nothing to the billions they gain.




Maybe it's just the cynic in me, but does anyone else see a bunch of PR corporate suits at Nike in a meeting brainstorming on how to reach urban youth more for their Q4 portfolios? Whenever a big corporation tries to portray themselves as being conscientious, I get that image. 




As an owner of Nike stock, I totally support this stance. Combined with its support of Serena against a sexist and racist tennis regime, Nike's advocacy of Kapernick's right to protest and resist oppression and injustice will be viewed as correct over time.

Fuck the racists that call NFL players who protest against police brutality baboons, political candidates that call their black opponents "monkeys", and community "leaders" who blame crime and poverty on single black mothers.

EDIT: Clarified reasons for NFL players protesting so the dotards don't claim those guys are disrespecting the flag, soldiers, and the America.




I was wondering why the Red Hatters were foaming at the mouth about Nike. Question explained




Now Kap is the face of foreign sweat shops




who fucking cares already




First Serena now Kaepernick? Nike PR and Marketing is going all in 




Those of you saying that he doesn't deserve to be on a NFL roster should be aware that Nathan Peterman, who threw 5 INT against the Chargers and had to be pulled from the game, will start for the Buffalo Bills on Sunday. 




Dude was a shitty QB and he's a shitty rights "activist" 
The top controversial comment on this thread hits truth dead in the face. 




[removed]




Dumbasses are already burning their Nikes.




The salt that will come from conservatives over this will be good




Way to go Nike.  This is is awesome. 




As someone who grew up in San Diego, I’ll support anything that helps takes the NFL down a few pegs 




I don't think they thought this all the way through. 

Not offending your customers is usually the best marketing strategy. Plus, if they have any government contracts, they can kiss those goodbye. 




I don't agree with his stance on this issue, but he has a right to protest peacefully and I'm glad he's at least getting good exposure. 

Millenials/Gen-Z are in desperate need of a lesson in "I despise what you say, but I will fight to the death for your right to say it." They've already accepted that lesson regarding one side of the political aisle. Now, if only they would accept it when it comes to the side they *disagree* with.




Nike is going to totally lose the 55-75 white male, conservative racist demographic. 




That's a shame...I was kinda fond of Nike shoes...




Fuck Colin Kaepernick. Claims he is feeling oppressed when he made millions in the NFL. If he really wanted to set an example for young African Americans he would tell this kids, don’t dress like a thug, don’t do drugs, follow the law (don’t rob convent stores). Last but not least do not resist arrest. You never see Kaepernick out helping his community. He is too busy showing his support for Fidel Castro who is a communist dictator. We stand to show respect for our flag, our great country, our freedom. The flag does not represent Donald Trump (my opinion this dumb protest has shifted to be more about protesting Donald Trump) that flag represents this country as a whole. Colin Kaepernick doesn’t know anything about any of this because he feels oppressed. 




Is no one disturbed by the fact that Colin, someone who is supposedly fighting for equality, willingly supports a billion dollar corporation that outsources their work to starving Asian kids?




All I want in this world is for this exhausting, ad hominem-laden, pointless debate keep going. 






It’ll be good for Nike, but I seriously hope that people reflect back on his original goal of highlighting violence against non whites by the police.




This is short sighted of Nike. People don't watch sports to hear about politics. They are  gambling with half of their customers unnecessarily. Should be fantastic for Adidas.




Oh no, how dare Nike side with the bad man kneeling at the Patriot Cloth. Don't you know people died for Patriot Cloth and our Patriot Anthem? Bad man!




No more Nike’s for my family. 




Eh.  Dont care for him or Nike. Adidas.  




Fucking tool. He had a "hard" upbringing. Fuck this guy. He is a joke and I'm glad he isnt "playing" anymore. 




Remember guys, the multimillionaires are oppressed.




Believe in something, even if it means ~~sacrificing everything~~ becoming (in)famous and cashing in on it for a huge payday.




Just gonna sort by controversial andOHMYJEEZUS!




Remember to sort by controversial, guys!




Literally every Twitter reply is SWMs declaring they disavow Nike.




Nike is only brave as long as it doesn't hurt their bottom line.  Perhaps that's pessimistic of me, but if there is a lot of public backlash,  they'll change their minds.

I hope this doesn't bite Kaepernick in the rear.  If Nike's bottom line takes a hit, I wouldn't be surprised if an unflattering "story" suddenly surfaces to allow them to justify breaking from him.

Nike's bravery will not last if their stakeholders demand otherwise. 




Dinesh Disouza wasted no time and already compared Kaepernick to Hitler 




Do yourself a favor, Sort by controversial.




Could somebody explain why this matters? Seeing a lot of comments about people not liking Nike anymore what am I missing 




i can already see the boycott nike hashtags




Where's the 'Paid Protester' Mike Pence? :D




I love this. However you feel about Kaepernick, he’s out there giving up his football dreams to do some good in the world. I’m glad he is being supported by Nike through this, and I love that Nike chose to do this. Your move adidas. 




And I’m sure almost everyone out of the states has zero idea on who this is. 




Kaps Jersey in the Smithsonian? 




I see a lot of talk about what Nike's competitors should do. My idea? Stand with them. I think it makes a huge statement.

Completely different scenario, I know, but it reminds me of how Microsoft and Nintendo are playing nice when it comes to cross-play, even though they are huge competitors,are and makes Sony look like the real dick.

If at least one of Adidas/NB/UA/Reebok were to stand in support with Nike it would make a huge deal, and would be pretty good PR. They know which side in this is the winning side and which isn't. And I think if they even collab'd on some sort of "America" shoe, that would be ridiculously awesome and would generate a ton of buzz




They'll get all the free press in the world. This is so genius I consider buying a new pair of Nikes just because of this.




Eh I don't agree with it, and definitely not a fan of Kaep but I'll continue buying Nike's because my feet like them.




Glad I wear new balance 




Dude is like Tim tebow. Getting sponsors for not actually throwing a ball...




It’s so funny how worked up people are getting over this!!!




What does it matter if people boycott Nike, they have a 97% markup on their shoes. They have endless lines of young black youths buying these shoes.

It just makes sense to back Kaep, how else can they continue to bushwhack these kids? 

$2 Shoe made in China by children, sold to young black children for $120 to keep paying
 .013% of the black population in endorsements while making its white share holders $9.87 billion last year!

Just do it!!




The States is so screwed up that social issues are now being commercialized. U.S becoming a failed state is well within the realm of possibility




I’m just more pissed this has garnered more attention than the shit that happened in Puerto Rico.




Oh no... All the TRUE AMERICANS won't buy Nike shoes anymore. What ever will we all do? 




Am I the only one who is cynical about this?

Great way to get urban kids to buy Nike because this guy is anti establishment.




I just came here to upvote some comments I agree with. And downvote some comments I don't agree with.




From "Just Do It" to "Don't Do, Protest"




Let’s bring back Tim Tebow and Johnny Manziel while we’re at it, it could be Nike’s new “Never Was” campaign.




[deleted]




Well...that was a terrible decision.




Trump spoke and didn't stand for flag reveille at a guard base. Tomi Lauren wears the U.S. flag as costume After attacking people who "disrespect" it. Christian college girls throw beer on men peaceful protesting, but don't seem to care about people sitting on a flag.




Pandering at its best...




Will Nike sponsor his “Cops as Pigs” socks too? 




It’ll be a limited edition campaign with limited merchandise because it’ll sell like shit. Nobody really likes this guy, they just liked him attacking Trump




A guy who doesnt even play. What a feat!




It's hilarious that of all the reasons that some people could be against Nike, it's their support of a man who is protesting police brutality and racial inequality that was the last straw. 




I dont recall Kaepernick "**sacrificing everything**"




Drumpf supporters are so triggered right now and so is their cheeto king. I love seeing them burn up $100 shoes.




Damn, I was about to cop the new airmax too. Oh well, fuck it. Been a good run nike.




I mean, it’s a really smart business move. The guy protested an issue as racist even tho the issue isn’t actually racial, he gets a whole bunch of attention because people loooove baseless moral grandstanding and next thing you know he’s a martyr for the cause because the fucking idiots in office don’t know how to make a reasoned argument and are reactionaries above all else. Now Nike gets to exploit the racial tensions in America for money and everyone just goes along with it. It’s a great marketing strategy. Downvote away.




Russians already exclusively buy Adidas, so no loss there.




Nike's sales have been slipping for some time now, I wonder if they are trying to work the controversy angle to get back in the spotlight. 




Be a corporate mouthpiece, even if it’ll cost you what little credibility you had left.

Just do it.




"Believe in something, even if it means sacrificing everything. #JustDoIt." Implying he sacrificed everything? What is one thing he sacrificed?  




Only because having the "right" politics is more important suddenly than having any talent.




[removed]




Has Kaepernick done any campaigning for anyone for the mid terms? 




i didn't know nike made knee pads




[removed]




The way that Colin Kaepernick protested police brutality is one of the most poorly conceived and baffaling plans that I've ever seen in my entire life. Not only is there no relation between the national anthem and police brutality, but he just hijacked the entire movement and turned it from a conversation about police brutality to should rich athletes kneel for the national anthem or not. It would be like if Rosa Parks protested having to move to the back of the bus by burning the American flag instead of boycotting the buses.




I dont think people who get benched should be on the cover of shit




[just gonna throw this vid out there to anyone claiming the only reason he's not in the nfl anymore is that he's a shit quarterback](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1I0cUTXwr-k)




[removed]




So Nike is marketing kneepads now?




Nike: I did Nazi that coming.




 Kap all worried about human rights but signs with nike? nike's track record in regards to their china work force is hardly anything to brag about. I guess it's all about that check though kap?




Odd that they didn't go with a professional athlete.




Maybe Nike could post one of their child slave workers for their next Just do it promotions. 




this is amazing. i’m going to use this as a talking point in my political science lecture as we are talking about “factions” and how believing so deeply in your own views and views that confirm your views are detrimental and unethical for society. as AMAZING as i think this is for Nike for Kap and for all involved this is an inspiration for anybody to take a stand believe in yourself and do it. literally “just do it” 




Agree or disagree, no marketing professor would ever advocate for intentionally pissing off half your customer base.

This is an exceptionally stupid move on Nike’s part. 

Investors will put a sell on Nike stock tomorrow. 




Just yesterday I passed on pair of NIKE sneakers. Thank God. 




what a shithouse player. He's ONLY in it for himself. Suckers




What sacrifice? Kaep has made $40M just in football. He retired early and is set for life.  Doubt if he's ever wanted for anything.  Seems he only got political after he got a hot activist girlfriend too. 




Kaepermik has not the facts right. Black crime is the problem. Not police brutality.




Breaking News: Sales of the [Nike Air Monarchs](https://www.kohls.com/product/prd-902047/nike-air-monarch-iv-cross-trainers-men.jsp?skuId=92111542&ci_mcc=ci&utm_campaign=MENS%20ATHLETIC%20SHOES&utm_medium=CSE&utm_source=google&utm_product=92111542&CID=shopping15&utm_campaignid=196833692&pid=googleadwords_int&af_channel=CSE&gclid=CjwKCAjwt7PcBRBbEiwAfwfVGBRtn7aHxecQFd-TGr48pSC46RIYQ7KwTaRHf8WcGjEQ5NLTy0ltTxoCxRcQAvD_BwE&gclsrc=aw.ds&dclid=CNmf1sD3n90CFcZ4YgodzPsHuQ) plummet as old white men boycott Nike in droves




This seems like a big deal




BREAKING NEWS: Uber-capitalist company that still uses slave-labor backs delusional communist’s protest of imaginary “systemic racism” in America. 




They should have used a good athlete. Like, just any athlete with a job.




Well this thread turned out to be a huge leftist jerkfest.




Colin’s shoe line has special high-tops that support his ankles while kneeling




Something needs to be said: I support the right of players protesting however they want, but it is ALSO CORRECT to disagree with their protesting. I don’t understand why so many people have a hard time to understand this, some people support and like Kaep’s protest style and some people really dislike and BOTH OPINIONS ARE OKAY. 




[deleted]




As a Veteran, I have no problem with him kneeling. I get it. Black kids are dying and it sucks. They need to stop killing each other, along with the shitbird cops. If a shitty QB kneeling can help, I’m all for it.




[deleted]




Wow can’t wait to see all the outraged posts on Facebook for the next year. 




A little out of the loop, so lemme phrase what I think is going on here and correct me if I'm wrong. 

Colin is a football player who kneeled during the national anthem before games (and this is somehow offensive???) as a protest for black rights (???), and Trump got all upset over it. Now y'all think this Nike campaign will blow up in Nike's face somehow like people won't want their shoes anymore? I don't get it.




good and i hope he wins his case against the nfl and owners




How to insult half of your consumer base.  Step 1:




Why the fuck is this even news. Are we seriously counting this garbage as news now???




Poor Alt-Right and their virtue signaling

Now the only choices they have left are:

Singers: Ted Nugget (some no-name guy)

Actors: Scott Baio aka Chachi from Happy Days

Shoes :Dr Scholls Orthopedic Shoes

Sports: Horse shoes

:D






1. Why try to upset a large group of people that are against Colin, plus they are paying him. It seems like a Lose-Lose for NIKE

2. NIKE could’ve chosen one of their talented athletes, like LeBron James who would be a better fit for the campaign. People are also more fond of LeBron than Kaepernick.

3. Colin Kaepernick was never an elite QB, he had a couple good seasons but he was usually below average. 







White Canadian male chiming in with Colin is a hero and should be celebrated by all. A present day Jackie Robinson.




Is this guy a good football player ? I dot know anything about him other than the kneeling thing. 




Counting down for when I see this in r/SubredditDrama




Is that dude playing somewhere or still a free agent?




Seems like a perfect time to do a Thirty for 30 on Nike. Where you at ESPN??




I went ahead and bought some nike roshe




Glad to see the kid is still finding work. 




I swear Nike did this just so execs could come here, sort by controversial and watch the shitshow.




Popcorn sales are going to be through the roof




Why is this a big deal?




Should have been Aly Raisman.




Welp ... Clay Travis and Jason Whitlock have started the shit show on Twitter already. This gonna be good




Still trying to find out what happened to them mighty wings.  




*sniff sniff* You guys smell the controversy in the air?




Somebody has placed their bets.




*sorts by controversial*




Please remember to sort by controversial




He still plays?





I get what they're trying to do, but unfortunately Republicans buy sneakers too.

Historically, politically charged ad campaigns lose more customers than they gain. 




I see that he is at least good at something 




Nike’s gonna get a good payout or a terrible bust. Either way, entertaining.





let’s see how nike stock price responds




That PAYDAY for doing the right thing. 




Ima buy a new pair of kicks tomorrow!




'sacrificing everything' except the millions of dollars he's getting paid to have Nike take pictures taken of him.




From a marketing perspective I think it's a terrible idea. Nike might win some street cred with certain segments of the US population. But they will likely alienate other, much larger segments. 




Glad to see Kaepernick get some recognition. That being said, look up Gary Gilmore and see if you feel comfortable with "Just Do It" as a slogan afterwards. 




I wonder how the people who believe in this cause feel about it being used for corporate profits.




Oh, Nike. I'm impressed.




Hope he gets well paid




[deleted]




How long til the nfl bans all nike apparel?




It's just a song, right?




where can i find the ad?





I guess we're gonna see what people who care about these things care about more; woke ad campaigns or the sweat shops they've decried for years.




Whether you like Kaepernick or not the case about him and the NFL practically banning him for his opinions has enough merit to go to court




Nike has fallen out of flavor in the black and Latino community... hopefully this move helps them more than it hurts 




Some may think Nike is brave, others may think they played it safe. I believe the latter.




[deleted]




What will be interesting to see, is if boosters at major universities here in the deep south start calling for their teams to cancel deals with NIKE. Cough cough Alabama, LSU, UGA Cough cough. 




Public perception of his abilities being affected by his political protest




I’ve always said it and still believe it’s American to be able to do this. People who argue over private companies etc, when corporations and organizations grow so big- it transcends into an arena where they have a moral obligation to not censor. This means Facebook and NFL. 




He is also going to sell his own clothing line and shoes.




I think this calls for a [Revolution](https://youtu.be/fAI8eUtwJzo). 




This is only possible in the good ol' U.S. of A.




Why not Smith-Schuster? Or Antonio Brown. Seems like they would be better picks. 




can we talk about the quote though?

>Believe in something, even if it means sacrificing everything

So basically belief comes before money yeah nobody is going to want to do that

As big of a company Nike is this is really disappointing they had to go with a quote that doesn't have a positive meaning behind it. To me it just seems like they chose this quote to make its consumers not care about their money but buy their products




Way to commodity the movement. 




Green Bay Packers fans still on suicide watch.




I got a bad feeling guys




Well makes sense given the amount of coverage this guy gets. This kinda stuff just gives Nike more exposure




As a non-american/non-sports person: ELI5




And then I took a swoosh to the knee 




Endorsements are all about marketability and being able to bring attention to your brand, not how good they are on the field. 

Nike feels that Kap will bring more positive attention than negative, and they put money on it. 




Thought I ate the onion for a second 




WOW! Nike is rolling the dice here!




A slick marketing campaign due to the China tariffs.




Was kaepernick a good player before this?




Hope he donates all the proceeds




If you're going to take a knee, then you better return a knee!




Reminds me a lot of Dave Chappelle’s skit on Michael Jackson diverting attention away from the real problem.

https://youtu.be/fEHVR9Hj_b0




I wish he had taken a knee before he lost his starting job and was going to be cut. Had SF cut him like everyone thought was going to happen, they would have been under fire for releasing a player that was making a statement. It’s easy to forget that the league had adjusted to CKap and the Niners and he became an inaccurate, run first QB that was rapidly losing value. 




SI has the most ad-riddled site out there! I'll check back later on desktop with ad-blocker.




Those MFs still not letting old ladies use their damn percentage coupons on their merch where I work though.




Time to show my support by buying some Nike stock.




their slogan could equally be applied to alex jones. not smart




Wish it were Shia LeBeouf.




Does he have a shoe deal with them as well?




[deleted]




https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5uYCWVfuPQ




This is what losing the pop culture war looks like. 




I’m calling it now; this will backfire. I know I know, there is no way anyone could’ve guessed that!




How close is he to having nothing?  What all does he have left to sacrifice?




He trolled them, he baited them, I wish I were that smart, see that's the Kaep dimension. 




New ad campaign: *When Keepin’ it Real Goes Wrong*




If they did that it would be easy to determine.  The market is what it is.  He was a marginal player, so his worth is easy to determine me by comparison to other contracts. They owners are probably far smarter than to open themselves to such an obvious situation.  




The folks at Heavens gate wore Nikes too...




What's the big deal?




Awesome for publicity and it makes sense with their LeBron sponsorship, but overall premium basketball sneak sales are down.  Fire up your baller base I guess.




Republicans burning their Monarchs as we speak 




First time a  r/hailcorporate comment is not the most controversial post when a huge brand hits the frontpage with a massive PR stunt.




Waiting for the inevitable Trump tweet.




I'm going to say it's a ballsy call on Nike's part, but one that pays off in the long run.




Does Nike have a good long distance walker light jogger shoe that last more then 100 miles?




Even if it means sacrificing everything...then getting it all back and more due to a cynical marketing campaign...so you didn't really sacrifice much...this is starting to sound like a liars paradox...anyone remember that Star Trek episode? "Logic is a tweeting little bird that smells bad."




I used to be all nike, but love my asics and adidas shoes i just got for tennis. Feels good to be more free now!




While I don't agree with him, I at least agree with the message from Nike, and I think he was a great choice for the ad, as his protest effectively ended his football career. 




I think the whole big thing behind trump and kneeling is that it’s an issue that can be exploded and used against the NFL. Doesnt trump not like the owner of the NFL? 




Nike’s are like slippers with tread now 




As someone who doesn’t live in America and doesn’t follow NFL, I wouldn’t know, is Kaepernick a good player? Or is this just capitalizing on the taking a knee controversy?




Don't they generally want good players?




Just do what? 




Just refuse to do it.

Just get illegally banned from doing it. 

I suggest anyone angry over this go out and buy at least 3 pairs of nikes to destroy. 

edit: https://twitter.com/johnrich/status/1036751396002050050?s=21

oh fuck yeah. 

Just do it chuds. Do it like you always do. 

Not quite as good as buying tons of very expensive yeti coolers, but give it time. 




Nike right now: [https://media1.tenor.com/images/2fcf7e0bdb5ed04fcb5092cf2479907e/tenor.gif?itemid=4717877](https://media1.tenor.com/images/2fcf7e0bdb5ed04fcb5092cf2479907e/tenor.gif?itemid=4717877)




I guarantee not one pair of Js goes up in flames




Cue nationwide Walmart meltdowns in 3....2....1




Hit a cord with someone haha! 




TIL:  MOST people don't understand competitive sport 




Stop whining and just buy Sketchers if you're that upset about it.






Wait what’s so bad about this? Why all the controversy? (TLDR)




Lol, ask dicks how that worked out for them. 




ooh can't wait to get some cheap nike shares




Y do man not bend simple knee 4 muh skycloth?




Beyond the original statement Kaepernick put out about the protest, has he gone on to further explain his cause in greater detail - any lengthy interviews out there?  For being the leader of this, I don't recall actually hearing much of anything from Colin himself.




[deleted]




Man, still not locked?  This has to be some kind of record.




I stopped buying Nike shoes about ten years ago because they are not well made and come apart after six months of walking in them. This announcement will now confirm I have made the right decision.




I’m all for this but can people please stop saying he was screwed over. He had a damn awful season and isn’t really that good.

I’m in full support of him here but let’s not start pretending he is an elite football player.




He's been signed with them since 2011. I'm just surprised it's taken this long for them to cash in.




squeaky wheel gets the grease 




i don't particularly care; but its obnoxious to no end how much people care one way or another.




Am I allowed wish hobby lobby starts selling Nike products just to see how things play out?






Isn't he not playing football anymore though? 




The right is PISSSSSED! Just look at the yahoo comments 




Bots on this thread, a lot of near identical comments being heavily upvoted




Football sucks these days anyway.  Eventually it will be made so safe, that it will be just so boring.
I wish players would stay in the locker room, and just come out and play.  Everyone has an axe to grind.. should we all stop work and tell everyone our beef ?  There is a time and place , and it's not at the game. But I respect his right . I also respect   an owners right to fire his ass.




What exactly did Kaepernick sacrifice?  He sucked and got benched before he even started protesting.  He refused to be traded to the Broncos.  His GF botched his chance to be signed with the Ravens.  As for Nike, it's never a smart business decision to make such a polarizing person a face of your brand.  




 r/http://a.co/d/aS7CaE7




I applaud Nike and Colin for standing for something and for standing up for Free Speech. Our freedom of speech should be among our most cherished  and fiercely fought for rights. Thank you!   

I  wish that we could turn the attention back to the reasons behind the protests of kneeling for the National Anthem in the first place! 

Focus people, focus!




As someone that wasn't a fan when he was awarded person of the year(because I think it was more political than not) I think this is totally deserving. Just do it and Kaepernick work well together. 




Of all the truly great people in the sports world, Nike didn't do very well picking a face.  Nike now represents just a bunch of political BS.  Not the brand logo I want to pay extra money to be on my sports clothing.  #ShutUpAndWin




God bless Colin Kaepernick, God bless our right to protest in a way we see fit, God bless our Freedom of Speech, and God bless America!




Just a Marketing Scam, don't fall for it.




I'll always remember Kap as the half-assed QB that lost his playing status before he got woke to the racial issues in this country.  Used to kiss his bicep whenever he TD'd too, which didn't happen often enough.




[removed]




[deleted]




Here is the problem for Nike.

People are more likely to stand up for their cause by boycotting Nike than they are to go out and buy Nike.

Nike's sales will suffer.

This happens to pretty much all companies that try and be anti Trump.

Good luck to them. 




A failed QB as a face of "Just DO It" campaign.. brilliant... 




I’ve always been very middle of the road when it comes to politics and support freedom of speech / expression. But kapernick just isn’t a good ball player and this will flame out soon.

Let the downvotes begin

Edit: punctuation 




Good for him. Fuck this country for crucifying a man for speaking his mind.. and I didn’t think he sounded very intelligent when he spoke on politics either. That isn’t the point tho. We celebrate the olympians who raised their fists in protest, but now we’ve hated on Kaepernick. Shameful. 




What did this unemployed dude sacrifice again? 




Fuck that..i have thousands worth of Nike, maybe time to check out Adidas.




This is what is known as 'virtue signalling.' 




That is awesome. He still deserves a shot at a starting job. Like in Green Bay after Rodgers got hurt last year. He is from Wisconsin, he played his best games against Green Bay. Smart move by Nike.




I want to know why? He wasn’t a good enough quarterback, he was a headcase athlete why is he being promoted to this?




I think this is going to backfire on them.  If this blows up, which I think it will, a lot of people will ditch Nike just to avoid looking like they are taking a position.  

I don't watch the NFL or care about the kneeling other than thinking it's tone deaf to the audience, but if this goes nuts, I'll just get other running shoes.

Edit: it's




Conservatards getting PISSED but it’s the only way we can get noticed, get attention and hopefully make a difference. 




I'll be rethinking my options the next time I need a pair of athletic shoes 




This is the definition of astroturfing lol.  A large company/ political party pays large amounts of money to make it appear that a movement is natural.  Eat shit Nike.  




r/The_Donald are really losing their mind over this one. They seem to believe they can single handedly destroy the companies sales but don’t seem to realise how popular a move this will be outside the US. 




Eh.... fuck Kaep. He was raised by white parents and then in 2015 or so decided to be "super black" and grow out the hair and whatever. Dude should have done it off the field. I get it, millions are watching you but your JOB is to play football. Not protest. If I went to work every day and kneeled for a while I'd be fired. Oh well. Good on him for getting some more money from Nike. Still, keep it out of work and nobody gives 2 fucks!




But he wasn't even a good QB.  I don't really care that he kneeled.  It's ridiculous that Trump is throwing a fit over the kneeling.  This is about his quality as a QB and he was a shit QB.




I don't care if someone were to protest the national anthem if I believed in the cause. But police brutality? It's statistically so insiginifiant and rare that it's just stupid to be protesting the anthem for. 

And again just another company virtue signaling. 




This has nothing to do with politics, it’s capitalism at its finest 




He can’t make a fuckin throw on third and long and he destroys locker rooms. Jesus. 




Well he wasn’t getting there on talent. 




Just do it until someone points it out who thinks is helping you but isn't....than refuses to join another NFL teams because your not guarantee a starting spot after going 11-24 in the seasons after the super bowl
Bravo Nike....your going to make millions on this one




Good thing I stopped buying anything Nike years ago




"sacrificing everything"??? 
But he's been getting paid by Nike® these past years, likely much more than the average upper/middle class income. I'd love to protest at my job and then get sponsored.    Edit:spelling




I will never forget seeing this brilliant man play on December 4th, 2016. 

In 3 full quarters of play he absolutely destroyed the Chicago Bears through the air. 

**4 YARDS PASSING WHILE COMPLETING 20% OF PASSES**

#JUST DO IT




Nike knows who their target demo is and it sure ain’t know middle aged to old hillbillies. So they will be fine. Also because of this I just went to Kohl’s and bought three pair of Nikes.




Why though? He doesn’t play anymore.




As a non American what is the kneeling thing actually about?  Racism?  I mean he’s protesting against a country that allows him to be a multimillionaire for throwing a ball and now he’s getting paid without even throwing said ball.




[deleted]




Me and mine won’t be buying anything from that company ever. 




Why does everything have to be polical these days. Stop trying to be on the right side of history like anyone will remember or give a shit what happened in a hundred years and just play football.




Love it. Smart on their part. Better for business in the long run to be remembered by the history books as being on the right side of it. Pulling for Kap and kudos to Nike. I suppose the white nationalist will have to make the jump to K-Swiss.




Good job Nike. I’m sure you think this is super edgy...I can see them now stroking each other’s egos about what a great idea this is. I would love to return to a simpler time where they would just put the hottest athletes in their ads and move along. Sports is supposed to be our escape from all the bullshit...now it’s getting dragged down into the shitter with everything else. 




Lol @nike trying to virtue signal, when they'll use sweatshop/child labor to make shoes that a majority of their targeted consumers won't be able to afford.

How noble.




Some idiot gave gold to this?  Colin is a tool.  A douchebag.  Here's hoping Nike loses money from this garbage




He didn’t do anything. 

He kneeled after he was benched. 




For those that don't watch football, Kap did not get fired for kneeling.  


No team gave him a shot because he lost his starting job twice to a career backup(Blane Gabbert)  


And after he kneeled, the 49ers gave him a chance to be a starter to prove himself, but look above as to what happened




I personally couldn’t care less about this whole kneeling “controversy”, but this just feels like a cheap move by Nike. They’re adding fuel to a fire that was mostly burnt out for no other reason than publicity. This definitely hurts my perception of their brand and will make me think twice before choosing any of their gear over the competition going forward. 




Sacrifice everything? Yeah, I'm sure he sacrificed a lot of the 3 million a year he makes. Is he also sacrificing the money he's making from these ads? He's just desperate to stay in the limelight.




Let's not forget about Nike's long record of employee mistreatment in their child labor sweatshops, none of which are anywhere near America. 




Nike is taking a very strong stand on a very controversial issue. Large companies wouldn't do that unless they know it's a very safe bet. With this move it tells me one thing...the Anthem protests are losing issue for Republicans. 




He overcame adversity? On paper and in practice he was objectively the worst quarterback in the NFL. I’m not going to rant about wether or not he used politics to protect his career, but it’s pretty clear why he lost the job. Seems to me they are using the worst player simply because he makes political statements. Nike has some balls. Curious how this plays out. 




Haha, people think this guy is so much more than he is. 




An African-American not involved in criminal activity has virtually no chance of being killed in a police encounter.




As dope as I think it is, this is racially driven psychological marketing to bring in the $$$.    
"If you are not with Nike you don't support Kap, if you't support Kap you do not support the African-American race/culture......" you can guess where it goes from there.




It says he doesn't play at the moment.
Why not? 




Makes sense-- he didn't care what others thought about him he just did it




Nike is not pro kaepernick,  pro blacks, pro social. It's pro money and kaepernick is getting played. 




Sucks for all those athletes who thought being successful and decorated in their sport would outweigh being a subpar QB for a subpar team that didn't win anything.

I guess disrespecting the national anthem > Athleticism




i'm triggered af right now not going to lie. 




Oh, hey, look.  A Nike story.  I wonder if its about a multi-billion dollar company using heavily abused child-labor to make shoes that make other poor kids go crazy for and spend their hard-earned money on. 

&#x200B;

Oh, i see.  They made a controversial choice that makes them look progressive to the American consumer... and everyone is still cool with slave children making their shoes. 




Shouldn't they have used an athlete?




I hate politics so I hate that this is a thing, but I’ll just act like nothing happened and ignore this whole situation. 




Political msg or not this dude sucks at football 




I bet salty republicans will destroy their already bought and paid for Nike sneakers to "boycott". Just like how they did with Keurig.




Sort by controversial.

Lose faith in humanity.




So fucking stupid and gratuitous, using him for ads while using slave labor to build their shoes. 




Taking advantage of controversy while playing political games is the new normal.

This is why I don't watch tv. 




But does he support Nike's use of sweatshops?




Just do what? Vote? Oh wait...

BTW I fully support the kneeling players. But Kap lost my respect when he admitted he didnt vote in 2016.




Just dont do anything. Lmao




Can’t wait until those to never wear Nike start boycotting Nike.




*Sorts by controversial... Absolutely delicious. 




TL;DR: This thread. 

https://gfycat.com/quarterlyfirsthandbooby




i like a rich athlete is the face of a protest for the underprivileged. lol




Annnnnnnd 'sort' by controversial....




Annnndd I'll just be sticking to New Balances now.. 




You know what I hate about stories like these on Reddit. Even if you agree somewhat with Kaepernick or any other progressive agenda, but disagree with Nike for bathing in the publicity, you will still be down voted and chastised for being a conservative.




Huge corporation good




This should be on [r/WCGW](https://www.reddit.com/r/Whatcouldgowrong/) 




I can see a whole lot of Republicans calling for a boycott of Nike for hiring *a baboon* as a spokesman.

Members of the GOP have been showing why they really don't like players kneeling during a song to protest police brutality and spoiler.....it's not all about the song or police brutality either one. 

> Tired of these over paid ignorant blacks telling me what I should believe in. I will tell you what I believe in and that is our Flag the National Anthem and America period end of story,” she wrote. “You don’t like it here go to Africa see how you like it there. We are all Americans not African American not Hispanic American. WE ARE ALL AMERICAN.
 
> Steelers are now just as bad as the rest of the over paid baboons. You respect your flag, country and our national anthem. How many men and women have lost limbs or died to protect this country and you baboons want respect,” she wrote. “If you want respect you need to earn it and so far you haven’t. Stop watching, or going to a game and paying for over priced food, water and tickets. Let’s see how the baboons get paid when white people stop paying their salaries.

Damn shame how people keep accusing the GOP of being the party of racists when these are the facebook posts of actual Republican Party officials.




Great. Another company dividing people unnecessarily and now we get to watch older white dudes get rid of all their Nike stuff and all the “woke” white dudes buying tons of Nike stuff to show how enlightened they are.




Bold move, let's see how it pays off for them...  That was probably a horrible idea, honestly.




All good, Adidas have sic shoes these days.




Ha. Guess switched to Adidas and Ultra Boost right in time




This is some kind of societal downward spiral milestone

- Large company that in constantly in the public eye takes extremely divisive political stance

Doesn't really matter whether you feel Nike is correct or not. They shouldn't be taking this stance. Not if you care about the **United** States.






How do we consider Kap a victim when he turned down contracts from both the 49ers and the Broncos??  




Remember folks, it's not slavery when Nike does it




Funny how they chose an unsigned quarterback with a mediocre career and no championship. If it weren't for his kneeling, he'd of been forgotten by now. Just saying... 




Anything to take attention off the chinese suicide nets




And just like that, virtue signaling first worlders cheered a modern day slave labor industry to make up for the perceived suffering of slave labor 150 years ago.




Oh good. Yet another thing for my bible-thumping racist family members to rant about on Facebook. Neat-o.




Beto is risking his Senate race on his sincere principles.   Colin lost his NFL career for kneeling.  Beto is today's Robert Kennedy.  Colin is today's Mohammed Ali.




I guess I'm stuck with Dr Scholls now :(

Can Dr Scholls at least sponsor Mike Pence the Paid Protester? :D




Doesn't Nike use child labor in China? Since when do they care about human rights? 




My English teacher thinks he "woke up on the wrong side of the bed and didn't feel like standing for the anthem one day, so he sat and made up an excuse to not get in trouble."

She's a fundementalist Christian who thinks the ancient Egyptians had planes as well.

She also didn't know where Alaska or the middle East were on the globe.





It was a good day for Adidas 




Would have been miles better if Serena Williams was the face of Nike's 30th.  She's a talented mother, this mediocre politico guy just kneels during anthems.




*when fucking Nikes now become a race issue*




This is how you can get me to buy your shit. Still boycotting papa johns. Also buying YETI 




Nike is doing political ads now?  Kaep doesn't play anymore, probably never will.  Interesting move though. The backlash might not be worth it in the long run.  




Don't really like Kaep but I gotta say Nike is absolutely one step above in marketing with other brands. 




If you care about this or think it means anything important you are a moron




why do people gild posts like this




Who fing cares...there just football players




Catch me buying Air Force ones this next week haha. Serious props to nike for bringing even more attention to Kaepernick and his protest. 




Seriously good for nike.




I dont like how this social political message is made into advertising




Nike is going to sell a hella lot of knee pads now. At least a ton of right knee pads.




Just look at the crime statistics, note the studies demonstrating no bias of violence from the police against minorities, and then get back at me. 






Can't wait to hear all my racist co-workers talk about how they'll never buy any Nike products again. 

The list of shit they can buy that's still supported by bigots is getting pretty low. 




*grabs popcorn*

*sort by controversial*




Nike - I know, we'll sign someone who appeals to disenfranchised blacks so that we can take more money out of already marginalized communities. 

Kaepernick - Sign me up!




Never did like nikes anyway.




Whats the point of reddit if mods are just going to remove comments. If youre going to allow praise you have to allow criticism even if you dont agree with it. 




Under Armour either: 

A - “Shit, now what do we do?”

B - Rubbing their greedy hands together, “Heres our big chance to be the offficial NFL Jersey supplier boys”




Who is this guy?




I don’t buy Nike anyhow. It’s funny this protest is on  bs injustice while Nike shoes are made by Chinese slave labor. 




WTF! I love child slave labor now!




bUt WhAt AbOuT tHe FlAg?!?




Unfortunately for Kaep, no one is talking about what the point of his protest is. Can we summarize it by saying that he is protesting ‘social injustices against people of color’?

What is the goal of the protest, and has it been effective towards the ends of achieving what he set out to do? Because all I see and hear about are people debating whether or not kneeling during the national anthem is disrespectful. 

Regardless of anyone’s opinions, the issue of him kneeling has captivated the nation. He could use his platform to speak his peace, rally his cause, and everyone would listen. However, notice he doesn’t give any interviews? Aside from a handful of run-of-the-mill interviews about kneeling while he was still playing, he doesn’t talk about it. Think about that. There’s no press conferences, statements released, speeches, interviews, original tweets, articles, or....anything, that actually quotes Colin Kaepernick. 

This begs the question, where’s Colin Kaepernick? As a Washington Post article put it, ‘so far he’s let everyone else do the talking for him.’ For the man who’s mantra is to ‘sacrifice everything’ for his ‘cause’, where’s the sacrifice? What’s the cause? And what is he doing about it? Don’t tell me he sacrificed his job, because he’s still not willing to give that up. He’s made it known that he’s still working out and ready to play immediately for any team that will sign him. He’s even gone to the ends of suing NFL team owners for trying to keep him off of the NFL football field. Is he not speaking because he doesn’t want to rock the boat too much in hopes of another team signing him? Too late for that.

The truth is, he would rather hide behind his Fidel Castro t—shirts, re-tweets, socks depicting police officers as pigs, Nike ads, and monetary donations, than actually have a voice. Coming from a multi-millionaire many times over, is giving money to organizations you support, considered a sacrifice? After all, the same rich, white owners, who opitomize those who oppress you did the same to support your cause.

As far as professional athletes taking a stand for something politically, and having an actual impact on society, he could be as polarizing as Muhammad Ali, or maybe even greater depending upon how he went about it. But what’s the real issue here? What are you even protesting? Is it systematic racism? Is it police abuse? Is it a lack of unity across the cultural spectrum? Those things affect everyone differently, but most people, regardless of ethnicity, social class, or otherwise, would probably agree that your cause in combating those issues is just. And you may even polarize people to help you. And if those issues are so pervasive in our society, then we should collectively define it, and address it. However, all this ‘protest’ by Kaepernick has done is brought division.

Kaepernick’s pro football career is over. We can argue over how good he was all day long, but it’s safe to say he was in the twilight of his quarterbacking career when he started kneeling. So I don’t want to hear about how he ‘sacrificed everything.’ Whatever his reasoning is for not only not speaking, but not organizing or leading his movement, or protest, or whatever it is, is just plain weak sauce. It’s time for Colin to man up and take ownership for his actions, and be a voice for his cause. Where is Colin Kaepernick?




Just the fact that this post already has 6400 comments is probably a good indicator of why they made this move.




I'm really impressed that he has parlayed his saltiness over losing his starting spot into an activism career. Good for him.




[removed]




Martin Luther King and the Civil Rights Movement sponsored by Adidas. I think it's lame he sold out, it really dilutes what he's standing for.




Where was Kaepernick's concern for human rights when he wore a Fidel Castro T-shirt the entire week before a game in Miami against the Dolphins?  Knowing how big a Cuban community lives in South Florida - who in their right mind believes this guy could care less about human rights?




The most damaging racism isn't the small minority of outward bigots, it's the vast majority of white america who choose to believe systematic racism doesn't exist, because it makes them feel uncomfortable to think about.




Adidas is going to benefit from this big time. That is until this all dies down and everything goes right back to normal just like it always does. Fuckin puppets. 




Lmao. Dude tries to make a point without remotely understanding what exactly he is making a point about and gets idolized by the equally clueless people who find common ground in that they know something is wrong, but don't quite understand it. Everyone is so fucking pretentious speaking with vindication about shit they know nothing about. People are a real fucking letdown.

Edit: knew I would get downvoted for not joining in on the circlejerk, but I'm glad. 




Dammit. I’m not a fan of Nike, for comfortable feet’s sake. Sigh. I guess I’ll buy a pair to wear for short distances. 




I don't think this will work out for them. They just alienated half of their customers, racist or not, they pay money.


Edit: downvoting me doesn't change the fact that making your product political is pretty much always a bad idea




TLDR: Nike sponsors a failed QB as a publicity stunt to take advantage of his blatant disrespect for the country he’s paid exuberant amounts of dollars to play a game he’s not even that good at. 




Nike just committed political suicide . It didn't work out to well with papa john but I guess you just have to jump on the opposite side of a political shit show to see what happens I guess. 




Nike has turn to shit anyway and everybody also seems to forget that This particular player walked away from a contact 




So is Kaepernick screwed now?  How good of a player was he?  Will he never play again?




But why though?




Damn, that fro is impressive 




Okay but before considering burning the shoes, perhaps donate to those in need? (wait do Republicans do that..?) 




Thanos makes more sense 




Meanwhile Jimmy Garoppolo has gone from being Brady's backup to getting 20+mil a year as the 49ers QB.  To each their own i suppose.  




Good press, bad press, it's all free advertisement.




Can’t help but think both parties in his collusion trial against the NFL will come out as losers in the PR realm




Dont burn the nikes donate them 




I’m sick of all this Democrat/Republican crap, not every Democrat or republican agrees on this topic




/r/hailcorporate?




despite being a dogshit football player




Bold move by Nike. I wonder if it'll backfire. You just know the talking heads on Fox will be calling for a boycott. 




I hope Mr. Kaepernich is shown in the ads to be kneeling. Tying laces if need be. That would be something clever. 




Now I wish Nike made some super wide shoes so I could buy some and support them.




I love Nike even more now




Nike:  just don’t do it.





so wait, the protest was just a Nike ad the whole time? that's fucked up man




More like ‘don’t do it’




Ironically the same thing the NFL told him.




Just gunna put this here. Colin Kaepernick, before being an NFL player of notoriety, played for Nevada and was a pretty damn good option quarterback. The year Boise was going undefeated and making a splash, he wiped their unbeaten record with a last play run, diving for the TD with one hand holding the call over the pylon. 

When he got drafted people thought he wouldn’t make it with his style of football, but he ended up earning a starting sport at the Niners eventually. This was around the time Russell Wilson and RG3 were coming up. 

Sigh, football talk back when it was about football. Actually, it still is outside of Reddit. Know one who really cares about football cares about this shit. 

That being said, two words: Tim Tebow.




Why? I thought Nike only sponsored athletes who have a tendency to win 




This would be a bigger deal if he didn't suck at NFL QB... Or was at least capable (and worthy) of the attention he is garnering.




I don't give two shits about whether Kaep or any other NFL player wants to kneel or stand or sit or whatever, I just think it's hilarious that Nike is going with him considering he hasn't been a pro athlete for 2 years.




Has Trump tweeted about this yet?




Can’t wait for the inevitable “FAILING NIKE...!” tweet from some moron. 




Who are you kidding? Kaepernick was a trash QB. Even if he hadn’t started kneeling, he probably wouldn’t have been signed by a team. Did anyone see the 49ers team the season before they cut him? He got benched for BLAINE GABBERT




Nike has no morals , essentially no major corporation does. I like kapernick as a player to a certain extent but jesus,  as a Canadian I feel like kneeling during the flag is plain disrespectful regardless of the political climate. 

I kinda regret having over $500 in Nike soccer jerseys. I'll probably get hate in some way or another but i don't want the clothing on my back on the shoes on my feet to promote any agendas unless the article was bought for that purpose.




Go, Colin!

Thank you to Nike.




Mmmm delicious popcorn popping here 




55% drop in sales y/y.




This is along the lines of when “Caitlyn” got the Courage award at the Espys




Nike is a disgrace, we should be boycotting their products. - DJT




I’m so jaded in this era where everything has to be political, when I hear a company come out for or against something, I just start trying to figure out what their strategy is. 




I hate Kap but not for political reasons. For the fact he took the Niners to the Super Bowl and lost, thereby ruining the record. Would’ve been nice to be ahead of the Steelers with 6-0 but alas we are now 5-1. Boo. 




In other news today, the NFL announces they have dropped Nike as their primary equipment sponsor and will go back to Reebok in 2019. 




Time to sort by controversial 




Bet it pays more and you don't risk getting paralyzed or losing your health. Smart guy.




Welp when you have billions you can afford to do stupid things and losses don’t matter 




Everybody go out and buy your Nike knee pads!

Seriously though, nice to see Kaepernick getting some coin after sacrificing his dream to make a strong statement. 




There are plenty of other reasons to critique Nike, this is bottom of the list. 




A significantly cheaper deal than MJ...LMAO




As someone who never buys nike because it's honestly just too expensive - This might do it for me. And I'm neither american nor do I watch the NFL. Or black.  


The fact he stood up/kneeled down for what's right and that they stand with him when he is down, I'll buy a pair for that. 




Hmm Shia Labeouf seems like the obvious choice for that campaign. 




I mean, Trumps demo isn't exactly full of sneakerheads




Sorry. Just here for the /r/AsABlackMan content.




Nike will do just fine.  The exposed child labor incidents didn't hurt.  People who care about political justice quit buying them long ago. The customer base is folks who just really don't give a shit. Kapernick wont hurt sales in the least.




Look at the pic.  Imagine it's an Islamic terrorist.  Now read the tagline...




*"Believe in something, even if it means sacrificing everything."*

I've been debating if I should bulk to my highest limit this winter. I know that my self esteem will be terrible due to my bloatedness. But it is a short term sacrifice for long term gains.

Just putting this comment here as my diary.




I heard Adidas is going to sponsor Black Lives Matter. Ahh America, how much do you care about social injustice? That all depends on what clothing you buy.




That's a great PR move, but just remember: corporations are *never* your friend. They are slaves to profit and they'll throw you under the bus if it earns them something.




Why though? He wasn't a very good QB. Do you think this is just some lame political thing?




It's funny. All I know of this guy is the kneeling thing, that he's a football player and he does have quite the afro. I guess the one thing I heard about him is that, he is genuinely a mediocre quarterback, or whatever he plays. Is that the case? I guess I'd prefer an answer from someone who supports Kaepernick instead of someone who thinks he's Un-American while unironically supporting Trump, as there will be less bias that way. 




Well. He did “Just Do It” but he’s not doing it anymore. 




Is there anything in this world that can not be sponsored?




Will Shia Labeauf be a part of this campaign 




Nike is just trolling as a PR stunt.  Regardless if you feel the kneeling is justified or not, making him the face of the Just Do It campaign is absurd.  This guy was already washed up when the controversy started and he certainly didn't sacrifice anything.  




Funny that Colin is now the face of a company that is essentially sustained by overseas slave labor. Oh well, we are all mostly wearing some sort of product touched by Nike.




I love my sports with a dose of politics. Can we bring religion into this too?




As soon as they talk about it on Fox News prepare for a presidential tweetstorm.




Highest paid backup quarterback of all time




The whole crowd at the next trump rally gonna be flexin some yeezys lmaooo




Burning my Nike shoes tonight. Nike is a company that wants men on their knees.

"SAD!!"
  

 \- President Donald J. Trump




*sorts by controversial 




Now I can justify those new kicks I just impulse bought to my girlfriend! 




Now this is how you get free advertising. 




Well damm i am about to pay $220 for them 95s!




*sort by contreversial




Because /popular isn't biased at all.




Fuck ya! kap is the change y’all need. 




Hope they bring out a good new line of knee braces!




dude, nike is a global company.

a few americans refusing to buy shoes they can't afford anyways is no big deal when the majority of the globe hates the president anyways.




A little ironic that Nike is standing for human rights




Certainly Nike figured out the global marketing, as they knew this would be controversial in some parts of the USA (can’t really claim ignorance).  My guess is they are looking at foreign sales both short and long term ... the generation of teens in the developing world just surpassed the developed world millennials (whose numbers in turn surpassed the Boomers a year or 2 ago). 




I'll be completely honest here, I don't follow sports in America so I don't know how important this is, but I can't be the only person wondering if this marketing campaign is on the front page because Nike wanted it to get here? We already know certain companies are active on subreddits such as r/movies. Who the hell is gilding a post that is literally an advert for Nike?




Help Nike sell more egregiously overpriced footwear to disaffected young people so they can compete in a pointlessly mundane popularity culture. Real issues right there. 




I didn’t say he didn’t have baggage. I said he’s better. 




Too bad my feet don’t agree with their running shoes because I suddenly have the urge to buy all Nike everything.




Here’s your chance Under Armour




Politics aside, it's pretty fucking weird to choose as your campaign lead a guy who has no need for athletic apparel at the moment.  Not like he's going to be on TV wearing your stuff.

Seems like a stupid risk, but the anti-boycott backlash could prove effective like Chick-Fil-A




I’m sorry I’m out of the loop, why is the bad?




I guess I should buy a pair of Monarchs to sell on eBay after they burn them all up next week.




Well, since he isn’t gonna be the face of an NFL Franchise I hope that works out for him.




I think I'll continue to buy redwings.




I think the type of people who would be mad at this wear new balance anyway.




Colin Kapernick is my hero,
Especially when he lost 42-0,
When he kneels, it makes me happy,
It makes me feel like I should clappy.




Cur the inbred rednecks boycotting Nike. At this rate they'll be going hungry(boycott food) , cold(boycott clothing) and stupid(boycott school) ...oh wait. 




Cool. I'll definitely buy a pair. That way I can suck at football but still find another way to become famous from it just like Colin. 




Hey Nike can do what ever they wanna do. I wonder if they still have 12 year olds making their shoes. 




Don't particularly care about the whole scenario but I think Kap is full of it. This whole debacle is so stale 




I support their freedom to do this just as much as I support any other company's freedom to *not* do this.

They're a private entity, and if they like Kaepernick, they've got every right to make him the face of the whole business if they want.




Trump disparaging Nike in 3..2..1




While the new QB for the 49ers is actually winning.




Lol people gonna get pissed at Nike for hiring someone who doesn't stand for a song but not get pissed at Nike for having slave labor propping them up




I think this is the coolest thing Nike has ever done. 




Nike is smart turning virtue signaling into profits.  Corporate  sponsored protesting is quite the sacrifice.




Nike made a good business decision on this.  If you AGREE with it - then you’re rushing out to buy new Nike gear tomorrow.

Don’t agree with it?  Well then some go to Adidas, some head to Under Armour.. a couple snag some Puma, and a few hit New Balance, Rebok, Fila.. etc.  

But in 6 months when your kids new soccer uniform is NIKE - you’re buying it because you don’t have much of a choice.  Favorite team jersey is still on a Nike?  You’ll buy it because that team is only 2 years into a 5 year NIKE contract, and how long are you expected to wait?  

At the end of the day, Nike has spent hundrreds of hours crunching numbers to see if this makes good financial sense and decided it did.  They didn’t just wake up last week and decide to throw caution to the wind and see what would happen.. they decided it was a safe bet, and long term they’re going to be shown to be on the right side of history.  

Nike has shown that they don’t make financial mistakes.. it’s why they are a profitable company.  




Nike's marketing analytics are the best in the industry....you can rest assured that they did their due diligence on this and realized that most of the public (and more importantly most of their customer base) is on Colin Kaepernick's side. 




I mean, the slogan isn't "I'm the fucking best ever!", they've just tied it to some of those people.

Colin Kaepernick seems to perfectly fit the words "Just Do It" if Nike wants to push a profile further beyond sports themselves.

Maybe that just the perspective of a non-American who still can't fucking fathom how taking a knee during an anthem can upset a single person.




Commoditizing virtue at dizzying speeds




Great marketing for Nike’s knee pads.




New Balance sent them a “Thank You” bouquet. 




Piss off the league that you have a 1 BILLION dollar apparel deal with. Brilliant. I'm sure the most powerful sports league in the world won't find a way to fuck with them or anything. lol The amount of stupid shit people have done in the last year just because they hate one guy, is amazing.




Boldest move by a corporation I've seen in my lifetime.  I love it.




Not a fan of their shoes but I think this is great. I'll be sure to buy a pair if the jabroni in chief calls for a boycott.




I would have taken him a whole lot more serious if he had voted in the election.




he may not have accomplished anything productive but he did in fact do it




I’m truly not sure how this could be a good ‘business’ decision.  Many many many people that are shoe buying people disagree with everything CK stands/kneels for.  So to lead a marketing campaign focused on that seems like an activist position as opposed to a well thought out corporate strategy aimed at business development.  But I suppose if you’re going for the any press is good press angle then perhaps this nails it.  




It’s not a republican thing it’s people who’ve died for the flag. 




You asked for statistics I gave you them. Now you want unobtainable statistics because the initial ones I gave you don’t correlate with your narrative 




Good to see Nike pony up and pay big money to stand up for the issues... now about those labor practices...




It sucks for me in this situation with kap because my dad was a police officer for 12 years, and the fact that the country is lighting up about cops being racist really hurts me and him




Reddit Gold to whoever gets the closest to what Trump is going to tweet regarding this. 


1,000,000 Shrute bucks to anyone that gets it exactly right!




Can someone please tell me why the blacks have been kneeling? I’m not from America.




The alt-right's virtue signaling backfired.

Now they made a no-name guy rich and famous :D

That didn't turn out too good did it? lol




allas it ciuld have been one of their first 3 picks. oj simpson, bill cosby and harvey weinstein




If I were Nike... I would use Colin Kaep AND Pat Tillman as the face of the campaign. As a business decision, I feel like it's not a good idea to alienate any part of your fanbase.




Too bad Kaep has no idea he’s just being used by Nike.




nice move. it's obviously a strategic marketing move but I'm fine with that.
i never wear nikes for running and i am not particularly pro / con of nike for casual wearing. but I am definitely getting a few pairs of nikes.




If you want to support Kaepernick, buy a Nike SB shirt. SB used to stand for "SkateBoarding" but now it stands for "Stop Brutality"

Nike hasn't released any Kaepernick gear yet that I'm able to find (please update me if they do). But until then, let's support Nike's decision in a way that sends a message about why Kaepernick is taking a respectful knee in the first place. Police Brutality.

Like this one. [https://www.nike.com/t/sb-logo-mens-t-shirt-1qTbMW94](https://www.nike.com/t/sb-logo-mens-t-shirt-1qTbMW94)




I think that history is going to look back fondly on Kaepernick.




The NFL colluded to silence Kaepernick and only made him and the movement bigger.  All who are mad...Get over it.  America was founded on protest. American Revolutionary, Civil War were about protest.  The American Dream is about sacrificing everything for a better future. 

&#x200B;

For anybody who think they are going to hurt Nike by “bought my last pair of Nike” tweets, remember how that worked out for everybody who “Boycotted” the NFL, Chick-Fil-a, and In-N-Out.  They have all gone on to make more money!

&#x200B;

NFL is locked into a 10 year deal with Nike. When Nike gets an angry email from Bob McNair about that Kap ad and they just reply with "Please see the three attached colorrush options for your week 6 TNF game and let us know which you'd prefer"




A company is doomed to fail the moment they push a political agenda.




[removed]




Damn.  Advertising works.  I am in the market for a new running shoe and it's going  to be Nike now.




The problem for me is...when I want to watch a fucking game I don't want to be forced into any sort of political debate. I don't even KNOW what his initial point was? Something about the police or indians or what? I DONT CARE. And I refuse to care when someone forces it down my throat. 

 Watching this shit on a NFL broadcast felt like having a religious nut knocking on my door at 7am. Whatever they were selling the approached turned me off---immediately. 

 If Kap would have said in some statement. "Hey guys, I'm going to start a youtube channel about the problem I have with police(or whatever he feels like whining about)".  Hey, MAYBE I would have given it a look and MAYBE I would have gotten on board with it.  But to FORCE me to sit there and watch him turn every game into some personal protest...fuck him and fuck his cause. 




As a slavic man, purchasing Adidas was no brainer before, but now the decision is even easier. Cheeky breeky. 




Whelp, never buying Nike again.




It's amazing what disrespecting your country and being black will get you in America




There goes nike stock.... Why won't he just go away. A rich guy (before the NFL) rich guy after... So many better ways then to disrespect a flag that gave him his freedom....yes his freedom to disrespect the flag. But I have the freedom to think he's a lil b)t#h for disrespecting it and not finding work. 

Bring on all my down votes... That's fine. If he has the freedom to do that...I can have the freedom to think he's a moron 




Disrespectful human being and garbage QB 




This guy should've taken a knee for things like this:

https://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/9clase/malaysian_muslim_lesbian_couple_caned_in_public/






It actually pairs very well with what he did. Good for him getting that money.




You really can’t make this shit up anymore.  Remember when Nike gave their endorsements out based on on-field merit?  Consumers don’t give a shit about this bullshit virtue signaling.  Expect Nike to lose sales over this.




Nike's new face of racism. They probably would have used Hitler too if they were around back then. I'll go back to Adidas.




So stupid on all accounts. Nike is trying to cash in on an athlete rebel for the WRONG REASONS. You want to just do it? Start a community outreach program or put money into schools. Don’t put money towards dudes kneeling and disrespecting our men and women fighting for our freedom everyday. This whole thing is comedy to me, just a bad one.




So you pay for shoes that don't work? Like Kaepernick?




damn, this really getting down-voted everywhere

white people really do hate kap




aaaaaaand no more Nike for me.....




Cue all the threats of "boycott!" from trailer trash who can't afford Nike anyway in 3....2...1

Edit: HAHA. I was right. Some douche named Clancy posted a video showing his discontinued-outlet-store Nikes burning. 




Some NFL players call taking a knee "Sacrificing everything". Meanwhile some others literally "[Sacrifice Everything](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pat_Tillman)" so that they can those people can take a knee. 




Wow Nike promoting anti police now?? I can’t believe such a blunder was allowed to happen. 




[deleted]




Well I'll never buy Nike again




Congrats alt-right, you've made Colin a rich man!

Cha-ching! $

Now where's that Paid Protester Mike Pence? using tax dollars to protest :D




Won’t be buying Nike anymore




Congrats Nike, you played yourself. While trying to look progressive, you’ve no doubt alienated customers from buying your product because of a political stance. All money is green, and Nike just lost out on a lot of money in the future 




And this is newsworthy because surely it means Trump is done any day now




Well, I didn’t really NEED another reason to NOT by any Nike products, but okay.




Stupidest shit of all time. They're a sports organization and sell sporting products. Colin Kaepernick isn't only not active because of his antica but his performance. If Deshaun Watson, Russel Wilson or Cam Newton was kneeling, someone would of still hired him. This whole witch Hunt that the NFL is preventing him from working is a crock....he just isn't that good.vhis first season showed flashes of brilliance but once the allure of yet another rushing QB died, San Fran was left with a.massive distraction and a mediocre arm at best.

This whole situation is so old and tired 

Instead of one of the thousand professional atheletes who actually don their equipment being the face, an inactive NFL qb whose claim to fame is kneeling is the face of 3 decades of greatness.

Not JJ Watt who raised millions for charity or LeBron James who opened  a school.

Holy shit how absurd.




[deleted]




Nike is not gonna do well




I became a cord cutter this summer and my main concern was missing football but I realize I could care less.  The NFL is now a pussified version of what we all loved. It's all about the players agendas and this fucking shit when all we wanted to do was enjoy our Sunday watching our favorite game.  




Whelp, fuck Nike. Not buying their shoes again. 




This is just sad. I don’t see how any self-respecting American could support Nike after this.




[deleted]




Welp... Never buying another Nike product for the rest of my life. 




Good.  He may be a mediocre player, but at this point his stance has gone long past self promotion.




Honest question - what has kaep done besides kneel?  I dont see him on talk shows or out in public trying to continue to inspire change




Guessed this a year ago or whenever he did his little baby kneel.

OOOh bold move Nike, catering to leftists, that's original.

If Nike wanted to be bold they would have done the opposite and insulted him in some way.




What's the message of "Just Do It" from Kaepernick? Just ruin your career?




Won’t be buying any nikes




I am happy for Mr. Kaepernick.  He stood by his principles.  "Stand for something, or fall for everything". What happened to our core values as a "people"?  We should all take a knee to protest the continues genocide of our people.  Thank God for cell phones.  Now everyone can witness the truth because we still can't trust police cameras:. They just turn them off!




He should try voting instead of kneeling. It might be more affective but he’d probably get less attention that way




You would think they would pick someone who’s actually active in the NFL




This is why I only wear crocs




Nike: Just Destroy Your Own Career




Guess I am not buying nike products. 




That's nice. One of the only times he ever has to honor the troops and the American ideal of freedom and he kneels and acts like he's doing something right. It doesn't matter how he feels about it, it is without a doubt wrong, and there are plenty of other times he could have given his opinion while paying a very real and reserved respect to those who have paid the ultimate price. I don't want to dog him because of all the excuses that have been made to the contrary, but there really is no other reasonable way to view it and no good reason to honor the act.




Stand up for the anthem. Just do it.




And Nikes will never be bought by my household again. Keep alienating America, ask Dick’s how that’s going. 




He’s an entitled prick 




Definitely going to hear about this from my trumpaloon co-worker tomorrow.




Welp I’m done with Nike. 




Don't sort by controversial, too many Trump supporters are angry because a black man protested police brutality when there are fucking neo nazis that march these streets and advocate genocide, but the man who is speaking out against racism and everything is the bad guy, right? Not the pieces of shits that killed a woman and recite a violent ideology that that killed 6 million people? I guess when it comes to black people, they don't have freedom of speech. When a minority is a victim of anything, they're always the one's who are at fault, but when it's a white guy, there's a lot of support for him.




[deleted]




This angers the racists




Rewarding people for bashing our police. Great role model right there Nike! Time to move to Under Armor and New Balance. Nike is dead to me. 




That is awsome! Fuck the anthem, flag, military. Nike shows us the way! All hail corporate dick! Fuck the USA! /s. Seriously, Fuck Nike.




Good lord do not go look at the twitter thread on Colins tweet. Among the people thanking him there are a LOT of cancerous fucks.




This is the news I needed this week. Thank you Nike. 




I guess Republicans don’t buy shoes after all.




Understandable... Just like In-N-Out and Chic-Fill-A, Nike will likely see an increase in exposure and sales. What I don't get is why Nike would sponsor such and undesirable athlete on a professional level?




Are shirts available yet? Preferably not made in a sweat shop 




Can anyone explain why this is significant?




So a career 60% with a 70-30 td/int ratio is trash? Idk what you guys are smoking when you say he can't start. Mike glennons better than him? Hell, jameis Winston's definitely not better than him and he has a starting job. You can say what you want about him but the proof is in the pudding, he had Tom tsula at one point as a head coach THE EQUIPMENT MANAGER WAS COACHING THE TEAM!! Not to mention injuries and players leaving because harbaugh couldn't control the locker room most certainly hurt his progression. Can any of you even name is top wrs after harbaugh left? Who was his next coach after tsula? Chip Kelly, and we all know how that panned out. So please, tell me how bad of a QB he is and how he can't throw or has no game sense because you wouldn't be able to survive on a team like that. Plain and simple. 
TL;DR kaep had zero wrs and two coaches who couldn't coach a pee wee wiffleball team




Ever heard of Brand Suicide?




Would this be their first non athlete endorsement?




I don't have a problem with this except he's not even good tho






Fuck him and fuck Nike. 




I dont think Nike or major companies should be allowed to leverage emotions for profit. I wear Nike and Like Kaep, but this and the equality bullshit Nike does is just lame. 




This is real bad taste. 




Yesssssssss shout outs to Nike. Love it. 




[deleted]




Not trying to be a dick, but other than this, is he 'just doing anything' else?

(*Please, anyone, get me out of the loop if this isn't just him hustlin' for some scratch ...)




Aside from the kneeling part and looking at what started this....I know quite a few LEO’s, good guys whom I think ate really good officers, and never once have I heard a LEO say that “yes, there are bad apples in our profession and we should look to root this out” instead of this blue wall garbage that protects shitbags...much like the catholic church protecting pedo’s.   Just do the same job on your own force that you do for the pubic and maybe you’ll change the people’s perception. 




God’s plan

I wonder what the tangerine will say about this 




I hope they do a revival of "I am not a role model" with Kaepernick instead of Barkley.




And what did he "sacrifice" for this? Oh yeah, nothing. 




Just ordered my first pair of Nikes. 




Have been done with the NFL. Now I'm done with Nike. Countless Americans have had enough of the 'paint with a wide brush' politics that lump all military, police and first responders together, and cause the finest of our protectors to proceed with caution. These movements claim to be an answer to hatred yet end up turning up the heat on it by playing to those who generalize instead of directing their focus on the individuals that do the real damage. Harmful, hateful ignorance knows no boundaries of race or profession, yet the current answer is to demonize indiscriminately into the crowd.




Keep it up Kaepernick! I don't know shit about you, or how bad you really are at football but I kneel in solidarity with you. I'm a white dude and I know just how unjust our police can be. #UnitedWeKneel. 


School reform, especially in the black communities and a overhaul of the entire police department to wipe out the unjust criminals that supposedly "protect and serve us."
Not all of them are bad, hell most of them are great people doing dangerous things to keep us safe. But you have got to stop defending the bad apples and you have got to stop the unnecessary violence and escalation of situations.

More education on how to deal with people with mental health issues. Less lethal force tactics, more deescalation education and defensive tactic knowledge. Stop claiming you feared for your life and ending others in unacceptable situations. YOU took the job, you thus have no right to claim fear for your life. You cannot protect the people if you are so afraid for your own life that you cannot think rationally. The only time in which I would expect you to go in guns blazing is during a school shooting, or someone harming the elderly.

Stand with police! Respect them for the things they put themselves through and see on a daily basis. But never allow them to tread on your rights! Film them in every situation, even if you're a bystander observing the situation. Show the people in and around your lives that you care for them. The people being harmed by uncontrollable cops deserve that much respect. So do the police that can often be framed, or ridiculed for their performance. We the people stand with the police when you're Just in your actions and act with reason-ability. I, and I hope all others will, including your fellow police officers, turn their back and shun those that aim to use their position of power to harm the people they swore to protect and serve.

We all deserve each others time, affection, and attention. Sometimes people are dealing with a lot of stress and become a tad irrational when dealing with the police. Or perhaps the police are not understanding the person and that person may have a speech problem that makes them frustrated when not understood. It is your job as a sworn servant of the public to recognize these situations and deescalate rather than escalate. "With great power comes great responsibility." The Americans and Russians know that if a nuclear war breaks out it'll do far more harm than good.

We're too wrapped up in technology, too desensitized to police violence and violence in general, we don't stop to help one another enough. Pay it forward. Hold the door open for a stranger, hand a burger and coke out your window to the bum sitting on the side of the road, give a random person a smile, say hello to a random stranger. Ask someone random how your day was. Start letting each other know we care for one another by our actions, not by saying "sending thoughts and prayers."

Minorities, especially the black community had a very rough go early on in our country. But remember that good prevailed, at the cost of many white men's lives as well as blacks. Racism is only alive today because we allow it to be. We learn the hate, we aren't born with it. Don't allow those who speak hatred to have an audience. Give them a platform, just don't lend them an ear. If a tree falls in the woods and nobody is around to hear it, does it make a sound? We as a majority care for one another and want nothing but to help raise each other up. Never stop! Every day wake up and ask yourself, "How can I touch someones life today?"

Know that for the test of time in mankind's history we have only prevailed against hate, and corrupt governments. Eventually they will lose out if you merely keep your head up and keep preaching love. "Love one another. As I have loved you, so you must love one another." Believe in the bible or not, a man was on this earth who spoke about love and was tortured while speaking love. Like Christianity or not, a very large majority of human beings consider themselves to have Christian leaning views on the world. His name has been spoken about, written about, studied about, and will always be known. Christian or not, a majority of them want nothing but good things for the world. But you also can't expect them to solve your problems, as they too have problems. And demons, and fears. Nobody here is perfect, though we should try to be. Just remember we are not and the person beside you too, is not.

"Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate. Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure. It is our light, not our darkness that most frightens us. We ask ourselves, Who am I to be brilliant, gorgeous, talented, fabulous? Actually, who are you not to be? You are a child of God. Your playing small does not serve the world. There is nothing enlightened about shrinking so that other people won't feel insecure around you. We are all meant to shine, as children do. We were born to make manifest the glory of God that is within us. It's not just in some of us; it's in everyone. And as we let our own light shine, we unconsciously give other people permission to do the same. As we are liberated from our own fear, our presence automatically liberates others." - Marianne Williamson from A Return To Love: Reflections on the Principles of A Course in Miracles

Everything you need to know about love, life and happiness lie in these words. Be great! *Whether* you're a child of God or not, your playing small does not serve the world. Do not shrink, but be seen, be heard, be known. Live life as if you were still a child, where fantasy ruled your world. Where the smallest of things gave you joy. And when you live your life this way, you have no other option but to affect people in the same way. Freeing them from their fears, as we liberate our own-self.






This irrelevant asshole needs to go away. Fuck Nike for embracing him. #boycottnike




Kap kneels and wants other blacks to kneel because kneeling is a sign subservience. Fake activist trash. 




Nike looses nothing by supporting Kaepernick. Nike is an NFL sponsor and there are already rumblings of a "boycott" of the NFL sponsors for the NFL not squelching the protests. 




This doesn't make sense...why use an athlete who hasn't played in 2 years? Oh I know, to rile up the same goddamn story. Get. The. Fuck. Over. It. - Everyone. 




We let these people win by making a big deal out of this shit. 




What happens when someone takes a knee working in the sweatshops? 




Republicans would shoot MLK Jr again if he was here today. Wait until they find out that he once blocked a road.




Nike wins from this. Trump voters, KKK members and other types of White Supremacists don't wear Nike's




This is the best trigger yet. Nazis, fascists, racists, GOPers, misogynists, homophobes, xenophobes, Trumpettes, etc.... will be up in arms, so much so, that they will either become violent with their guns or crawl into their safe space until NFL season is over. 




[deleted]




Hope Nike sales suffer. I honestly can't name a single person that likes Kaepernick.






I’ll never buy another Nike product 




Kaepernick = American Hero

Trump = UnAmerican ZERO




Why does Nike want to hurt their own sales? Lmao


Whoever decided this was a good idea should be fired for being a fucking idiot.

Just do it *get black listed by the NFL and ruin your own career*




Believe in something...like fake oppression in a free society.  Even if it means losing everything.  Just do it. 




Nike stock will nosedive tomorrow.




Ah yes. Let the minority gather to circle jerk each other while Nikes stock plummets. You baby diapers will grow up and realize one day. 




Liberals everywhere will be buying Nike.  And poor kids in 3rd world will be working overtime without extra pay.




I remember when watching football wasn't politicized and was just something I could peacefully enjoy on a Sunday afternoon. The many of us who watch football watch it because we enjoy the sport and want to forget about every terrible thing happening in our life and the world. Now we have a large amount of people who don't even watch football regularly pushing a political agenda on a platform where it doesn't even belong. That's why a large amount of football fans I know are unhappy about. Kaepernick could have went to any news station at anytime to talk about the social injustices of the United States and he would have had the impact without this drama.    




Maybe he will start kneeling for the rights of the children that nike employs in their asian sweatshops right. Nike is the pinnacle of corporate hipocrasy for backing a politically motivated player who is not even that good. I predict it will blow up in their face, but not too hard.




I don't buy Nike Crap anyway.  Their shoes suck and their clothes are meh.




[deleted]




[deleted]




"Believe in something, Accomplish nothing, even if it means sacrificing everything. #JustDoIt."

FTFY Nike




[deleted]




This is what people think of you, lefties. They think you're easily manipulated, mindless drones. They think you're too stupid to see through this obvious pandering and exploitation. Don't prove them right.




He got huge applause here at the US Open the other night when he was on screen. 




Just Do It- Then Lose Your Job




Beto who ? Please stop with Law Enforcement slaughter of innocent black youth , you are peddling. And start addressing Gang Violence which is the root cause of Black on Black murders . Let’s look at Chicago shall we , year to date 2089 people shot 335 killed  13 people shot by CPD of which 4 died  and 79% of the Gang Violence victims were Black so run around and blame everything and everybody but the root cause 




Guess i would not be buying any nike products. Beauty of capitalism, right lads?




When he claims racism, even though he just sucks ass and noone wanted him




Looks like I won't be buying anything Nike going forward, lol.  I get it from a business standpoint though - they're exploiting the dumb minorities who buy into the whole 'inequality' nonsense. 




This guy wasnt that good when he played. Then he got benched and turned into a whiny baby. 

Hes just a freeloader at this point cashing in on idiots. 




How do I up vote this more than once? Lol. 




Perfect time to stop buying Nike!




Reason number 4,652,435 to never buy Nike.




New found respect for Nike




Nike hires an actual Patriot for 30th anniversary campaign




Some commercial bullshit gets 65k up votes? Clearest evidence yet reddit users have gone stupid.




Disgusting, he isn't even signed




[removed]




Lots of triggered trumptards in here just mentioning that Kaepernick "just isn't a good qb". L O L y'all mad.




Kaepernick is a hero. He's opened up a national conversation that has brought to light the lies of people that insist they love America more than anybody else and yet their words and actions prove that they hate and will undermine any American that is even slightly different from them. The rest of us need to put these actual traitors in their place and give them no shelter from the ridicule they so richly deserve. 




And this is why he did it. Well done, it paid off, hope it was worth it.




Once again proves that Adidas is the better company and far more successful




Nike is bad, Adidas is good

The Knights s are a bunch of hypocrites that sponsor fake news.

Make Digg Great Again.




To all those no longer wearing Nike, 1:I’m sure Nike will miss having bigots wearing their products, 2:Did you stop voting republican when your president disrespected McCain’s service and the service of a gold star recipient?




Yeahhhhhhhh hahaha noooooo




there are a lot of racial issues to consider, but there is also a solution right now if we nerf the police force. cops are killing civilians full stop. civilians, not criminals, as cops blow right past being judge or jury and go straight to executioner. its a sad reality of the militarized police force. ever since that LA bank heist where the bad guys had body armor and ARs and the patrolmen who responded first were so outmatched they went to a GUN STORE around the block for firepower. that set off this perceived arms race and now just the police have so much military-grade hardware and training they could band together and invade a country if they wanted to. it also meant joe sheriff in bumfuck idaho needed a tank for his town too otherwise the criminals would flee cities that were tough on crime and come pick on them instead. now cops have to justify all that spending for equipment and training so they see every response call as a show of force. that also means things like civil forfeiture to drum up money when the shitty towns small population cant pay for it all with taxes alone. 

there are ways to look at the numbers that will fit all sorts of bias, and all of our own experience with cops means a lot. but there are some people who have never even seen an arrest happen in person let alone been questioned about something, and whether that makes them better than me or just luckier it definitely means they can't even begin to appreciate how overwhelming it is. vote to stop the cops




He already ruined his career, how is this good pr?




No more Nikes for this house




I mean ok. Sure controversy.  

Is he playing? He started going down hill a while ago.  

The are plenty of good players kneeling. 

I want good sports shoes, i want to see them on the feet of players as they are scoring.  I want Jordan's, then i want air jordans, not third strike you're out Jordan's.




He brought attention to something people still need to learn more about. What did he do so wrong that people hate the guy? The top gilded controversial comment is lambasting him over 'not doing enough', but is that really a reason to hate a guy?




The process of progressive tools being full on corporate shills is reaching completion.




*Que Trump condemning Nike is next series or twitter rant(s)*




lol I can't wait for the right-wingers I've somehow friended on facebook to start in with that shit like "never buying another nike shoe again. throwing away my current pair in fact. #DisrespectingVets #BlueLivesMatter"




Where's Trump's 'Paid Protester' Mike Pence?

LOL @ Gov protesting their own citizens with tax payer dollars :D

Trump's culture of government manipulation and corruption!




"Oh ya, hey Colin, can you fro out your hair tomorrow before you come in?  We need you to look as blaaaaaaaaaa, we need you to....just, you mind just froing out your hair tomorrow?"

-puppet master




well la-dee fucking da. I guess this proves companies are trying damn hard to co-opt social justice.




Nike is crushing it this year. 




If you aren't kneeling to the national anthem and the flag, you're a racist.




Clearly they ha e overlooked the fact that the men and women of our armed forces sacrifice everything. What a shitbag move 




White people being mad that a black person is advocating for equity yet maintaining race has nothing to do with it, especially in light of the USA's incredibly racist history is....ironic. 




I love all these companies like ESPN and Nike pandering to the lowest common denominator.

If I was one of these neo-fascist alt-right types I would fucking love this, shit I would encourage it.




Didn't he walk away from his multi-million dollar contract on one of the most storied NFL teams to find more money on another team only to fail in doing so? I'm super confused how this is one of the biggest sacrifices of the last 30 years? Also why isn't he in Chicago trying to figure out ways to help end the horrible murder situation there :(

Give the guy whatever sponsorship deal you want, but this wording and campaign doesn't make sense.




Just another example of the whites using the blacks for capitalistic gain




“Colin Kaepernick is brave
Cops are pigs, cops are pigs
Hey, someone took my stuff
I need to call the cops
Oh, wait I just said cops are pigs
Who’s gonna help me get my stuff?
Why did I listen to Colin Kaepernick?
He’s not even any good
Oh I just got all my stuff back
Cops are pigs again cops are pigs
Colin Kaepernick’s a good back up...”




So how long till Trump and the right start crying about this now?




Awesome move by Nike.  Kaepernick is a modern day hero. 




I'm in need of new shoes. Might buy some Nikes 




Was about to buy Kyrie 3s as well, ah well fuck you Nike.




Genius. Beside being on the right side of history, this reflects an incredibly shrewd business decision. 

The people pissed about this and boycotting are likely not regular customers or never have been, so losing them is trivial. But the black demographic is crucial for Nike and with this one choice they have cemented an entire generation to the Nike brand. 




Fuck yes nike. Thank you for throwing it back in that demented tangerines face.





Nike's a bunch of losers!




I wish I was a Nike customer, so I could stop. Oh well. 




This tweet sums it up for me: 

https://twitter.com/Progressive_Pol/status/1036771155565268993

"The same people saying liberals get offended too easily are literally destroying their wardrobes and cutting the clothes off of their body because a black athlete appeared in one advertisement."




While nobody should consider a corporation their friend, the right decision for the wrong reason is still the right decision.  Nike is making a money move here, for sure.  Love to see this anyway.




I saw the ad and since I am quitting my job that is a real inspirational quote for a entrepreneur.  




Great to see Nike juggle the complicated tasks of abusing social justice interests for marketing power one one country, while committing social justice atrocities in another country.




I can sort of understand this from a marketing standpoint, in the instance that negative press is still good press.  What I cannot understand is why inject your business practices with an already large debate that has crossed the political aisle.  I can see quite a lot of business being lost by this?  I just don't understand from a business standpoint what Nike would have to gain from alienating a large portion of consumers.




The real question is do I wear my nikes with police pigs or not. 




I wish Nike wouldn't be so omnipresent in sports. I know every other company probably also exploits workers in poor nations, but Nike has become the poster child for that.




Staggering lack of diversity in this new campaign. 




They just lost so many customers.




Well at least he’s got a job now. Hope this gets him off his knees and back on his feet!




Glad to see Nike standing up (lol) to police brutality but not child labour. Two wrongs dosent make one right.




Breaking news: an athlete is on the front page of a sports magazine 




I notice Kaepernick’s ‘platform’ omits the Nike sweatshops where shoes are made. 

Does he take a knee for them?

https://abcnews.go.com/Business/story?id=88176&page=1

Glad I’m fine wearing dad shoes, Nike are two narrow for my fat, dad feet. I’d donate unwanted shoes before I burned them, fanatical nit-wits.






*Nike continues to sell out of their new era Knee Pads in the first hour of going live*




And still can't land an NFL job. Nice how he's blacklisted :/




It kinda sucks he isn't on the niners any longer.  I like all the picks we got against him. 




So there will be a spike in lighter fluid for already bought nikes 




Shrewd move on their marketing department. Saved the ass of their entire department. 




Sacrifice your career... just do it 




Damn all the people saying buying new balance because of this probbably pisses off new balance because they fought so hard to change their brand as that company that makes dad shoes.




I just wanna say it’s annoying that they’re using someone who isn’t an elite athlete as the face of it. Like I get that he was a pro player and that he was being controversial, but there are so many players they sponsor that are at the top of their respective leagues and many of them deserve more recognition.




welp looks like there is no reason to worry about Kaepernick's livelihood 




I "Stan"d for standing




Let's give a shout out to the Nike social media team, I'm pretty sure they're going to have a lot of long nights ahead of them trying to make sense of the inevitable deluge of internet comments.




I can see it right now they are going to have pictures of him on one knee holding a shoe.




He probably wishes he could sacrifice Nessa. That's 6 gallons of crazy in one convenient half gallon sack.

"COLIN, YOU AND YOUR TURTLE ARE BEING OPPRESSED."  
"COLIN, KNEEL FOR THE ANTHEM."  
"COLIN, DON'T WORK ON YOUR TOUCH."  
"COLIN, SOMEONE SAID THE IMAM WAS HIDDEN."  
"COLIN, DAESH MAKES SOME GOOD POINTS."  
"COLIN, RUN DOWN THAT KUFIR."  
"COLIN, DID YOU HEAR ABOUT AISHA AND THAT SHEPHERD BOY?"




It’s really amazing how invested people are in this. There are real problems in this country and people are fighting about this nonsense. Meanwhile Kaepernick enjoys more fame than he would have know through football alone and Nike laughs to the bank. More black kids die every week from cops or gang violence and absolutely nothing changes policy wise. Absolute fools. 




Everyone knows Nike did this for the PR right? Happened 3 hours ago and is already on the front page, and trending on Twitter. That's a lot of ad money. 

They are a publicly traded company, and they don't give a fuck about your politics. 

PS. Kaep got offered $7m to play and turned it down. I'm he wasn't worth that because he just wasn't  good once everyone figured out to shut down his running game. 




How long before full blown civil war between the Nike and the New Balance?




Personally I'm not a fan of Nike, but I blame the documentary "the big one" for that.

I feel like people are going to get way to worked up over this either way.  Personally I just think it would be nice to just invest in communities that need help so we can work on better futures for everyone, but that doesn't sell shoes or get ratings on TV to sell penis pills and pain meds.

So I guess we have to live with a dumb ad campaign that's ... I dunno, Edgy? Brave? 

Oh wait it's probably just attention seeking.  So mission accomplished Nike.




Corporate genius. Brand loyalty will last through generations for this. 




Well... Time to sort by controversial. 




Next step: Phil Knight needs to donate a million dollars to pro-Democratic PACs to counter Paul Allen.

&#x200B;

I realize this is not bloody likely but it would be a nice way to balance things out.




Let's sort the comments by controversial and watch the fires burn. Quite literally.




*sorts comments by controversial and buckles up




I will just get some popcorn and check back in a bit




Not sure why people care at this point Kaep is out of the NFL and isn't kneeling(and actually said he wouldn't kneel anymore)
Now some want to boycott Nike because I guess they don't want to support the face of the movement but really it just seems highly petty and whiny 

I mean if I see Kanye West on the cover of a magazine I won't buy the magazine but if I want some addidas I'm going to buy them.

Feel free to go without Nike 
I hear sketchers are cheap




*sort by controversial*

That’s my Monday night entertainment sorted.





Wait so does this mean that Nike paid Kaep to protest?




A very odd selection.

Guy is not in the NFL anymore and when you have Lebron James and Cristiano Ronaldo as 2 athletes who would be less of a business risk it just makes no sense to me.





Americans are just too patriotic, even for their own good. Can't believe an act like that became so controversial. 




Just Kneel bro, just do it. 




Love to see that, even with their war with Adidas, they didn't decide to 'play it safe'




This seems like a non-story. This might make headlines for a couple months, then everyone will remember why they hated him, and he'll fade away into nothing again.




He is now the real life embodiment of Al Bundy 




About time someone threw him a bone...




I don't agree with the whole kneeling thing. 

But meh.  This doesn't effect me. I really can't hate on the guy for making money. Or Nike making a good marketing ploy.  




So I have a question why does supporting black lives matter automatically equate to hating on cops. Like it is statiscslly proven that black lives are negatively effected by police brutality. I just don’t get how pointing out a issue automatically becomes that you hate all cops.  

Like I support the police and those that are doing their job and protecting us at the same time supporting the black lives matter campaign because it is a real issue that the police need to address and understand.




Follow me for a second, if you were a heavy investor in Nike, wouldn’t you be pissed? Social commentary by companies is at best risky and at worst an elimination of an otherwise obtainable market share. Chic-Fila should stick to selling chicken and Nike should stick to selling shoes, both of them should want to selling their products to the largest possible audience. IMO.




Switching to Adidas. Drop dead Nike.




Fuck yeah screw trump and the pig cops




I guess I’ll be getting my adidas then. 




Well fuck Nike I guess I'm buying Adidas now  




Kap is a real life fuck boi. 




This is the greatest news ever. Fucking yes. 




Just Do Nothing

... but get $$$$$$ for it.




He should Just Do It at home...untalented hack.




I need a new pair of sneakers so I’m getting Nike’s. Will also be getting Nike’s for my kids.  




                   
                            U O O U O  o O   O  O   I                            
                   
 O       O     O                                 O o          
                                                                             O          O                      
                           U     O           O    O                                 
            U  o  u U UU   u     OO U U OU                                                                UI U u   U    U u   U u  u  u   U u U U      U  u u       U uU  u  u u u U      U  u      U I   U I o  u u  U    U    U u  u U          U  u   U uuU   Uu u o      O I             U    U u u    U u u  u  u u  u  uU        U u   u                                   u  u u   U U   U  u u  u U  u   U UU  u  u u uu  u  u  u u  u  U u       U u U oO  o UUU                          U   U    U  u  u u U  u  u  I U  u  O   O              U  I I  u  o  u u u    U u  u   U O     U              U u               U      U  u u  u u     U  
     You u U o   u        O   U u    U  u   U
       U O O   O      O       O    O   O   U   O I u     o                                            u uu u U   U u  u uu   U U  u u I  U U U  O                                                                        U   U     U u u u   U u  u U  U  O   U U  UO  o   U   I  u u u I   U  I  o u u  u I u  I             U Uu  u   U  U   U  O  O       O                                                     UU I I U U   U  uU UU uu U   Uu  u   UU  u  u    u u u u  uUU  u  u u u u   U U u  U U  u UUO U  u  pu   U   U  u 
                       I  o   U      O              O 
             O            O      U u   U  
  U  u  u u u  o
        U    U
         U  o    U  u   U  I    U  I  u    U u u  u  u   U        UU U    U  u  u u   U     U   U u   U u  u    U   U  u u u     U u u  u  u I u     U  u  o u  u   U   U u u    U u u I  u     U U a u  u   U u     U  u u     I   U  u  u   U u u    U  u u    U u  u u u u     U u  I  u u u  I   Used  u  u u   U  u       U rU u  uI   U u  u  u  u  u u    U I      

Edit: was literally asleep when I wrote this, not deleting for the comedy of it




More Iranian influence on Reddit?  Shocking.

https://twitter.com/Ahmadinejad1956/status/1036685396837625856




[deleted]




Guess I'll be buying rebok




He is a piece of garbage




It’s heartwarming to see sports brands pick non-athletes to represent them! Love to see it 




#BYE NIKE!

They must already be hurting to try such a stunt anyway




They should give him his job back




Hilarious, really shows the power of propaganda. I remember after Kap lost the starting job. His social media was quiet, he had no plans to make a social statement, he got on his knee and pouted. Afterwards when asked why he didn't stand, he looked in every direction until he came up with black lives matter. Was that the end of it, nope, the media ran with it and flash forward to now and he's considered the Mohammed Ali of our time. What a time to be alive.




Just Why?  The guy is a total douschebag.  Good for him for standing up (or sitting down) for what he believes in, but he has the personality of a street rat.




Fuckin....why?




But he doesn't just do it. He's a loser that can't even stand up for America. 




[deleted]




Well, Nike has been manufacturing in sweat shops for decades. Seems fitting their new face hates America. I appreciate honesty in advertising.




Wow I love Nike now! They totally care about social justice just like me!




And this is why he did it. Well done, it paid off, hope it was worth it.




Man and I just brought a pair of Nike's time to boycott them also. 




Im apparently way out of the loop. What happened? I know some dude got signed but who is he and why is this a good move? 




What fool at Nike thought it was a good idea to alienate over half of it's consumer base?




I'm sure they've weighed up the fallout. A lot of advertising these days falls on the side of liberal side of thinking. It's very bold and quite frankly impressive of them to do it. 

Colin is a inspiring man, I'm envious of his courage to give up his career for what he believes in. America has a massive problem with racism and it seems to be getting worse again. Power to the man, and as a professional marketer, power to Nike for the smart marketing campaign. 

"If You Think Kneeling Is About The Flag, You Must Think Rosa Parks Was Protesting A Bus"




Just Hate Cops or Black Power or Viva La Cuba or whatever Kap's incoherent message is. 




So what?




Inb4 locked due to uncivilizilty




"This definatly won't be a complete shitshow" ~Nike probably 




Just an opportunity for some people to seek out alternative products.




Sort by controversial 




Aaaand watch Nike's stock tumble this week as half the country boycotts Nike. 




Not locked yet? I am a little teary eyed.




It’s that Pepsi commercial all over again




Shia lebouf must be outraged




Does he even play anymore?




I'm surprised how bad they misread the issue.

The NFL lost a lot of viewership because of kaepernick. Like it or not that is the truth.

Kaep should be on a NFL team. The problem is he doesn't want to accept a contract because he thinks he is worth much more than his talent deserves. Quite frankly, Kaep is a great backup but a questionable starter. He is not an accurate QB, relies on his legs too often and has bad decision making. Without a defense to keep the team in the game, he falls behind quickly. 




Well, time to stop buying Nike. I am sure the people willing to get suckered into paying $300 for shoes will love this though.




Lol.  Bye, bye Nike contracts with SEC schools.




Is it really a good idea for Nike to pick a fight with the NFL owners?  I mean....that just doesn't seem like a good idea.  




Can Nike's slogan change to 'take a knee' or 'bench warmer'? 




Nike must have run the numbers on this several times.




He still plays sports? I actually surprised.




New Nike slogan.  Just do’t Do it.  




I'm in agreement with the fact that most of these guys do nothing. Reread the comment. He talks about more than Kaep. Where I live has had many to go on to become professional athletes and kneel on television but don't do anything for their hometowns or own communities. I feel if you're gonna protest these problems you should also be seen trying to help improve these problems. Get involved in your community.  




Don’t know anything about politics, but I hated Kaepernick long before any of this. He just realized he sucked at football and needed a way to stay famous. 




Damn he had to come here to get a paycheck? Yay reddit




[deleted]




I will actually buy a new pair of Nikes.  I scored a new pair for $3 so I'm willing to spend around $8.  




[deleted]




[deleted]




Damn, Adidas made me switch with the ultraboost soles but this may have me switch back. 




Have fun running to the unemployment office.




The donald is doing their advertising for them by being themselves. It never occurred to me, but the more corporations make any slights against president fuckwit, the less they'll have to enjoy. Besides, boycotting big corporations is SO left wing, its kinda like them doing our work for us.




I don't like the kind of protest that bothers me. 

You dense motherfucker... 




Lap for president! First Afro in the White House. 




Good for him. I wonder if our President will take a break from texting kissy face emojis to Kim Jon Un and let us know if he considers Kaepernick a patriot. 




NFL fans are pathetic, Throwing away your crusty shoes because of this is hilarious.




quick, buy more nikes everyone...




She needs to go back to school for a few more economics classes.  Free stuff sounds good, but how do you pay for all the free stuff?  Scary and sad.  Socialism=misery




Time to invest in some stock




I hope $NKE crashes and burns so that brands understand that people are sick and tired of social justice noise pollution. The PC-crazed halfwits have already ruined the movies. We won't let them do the same to sports. 




People were raging about In N Out and now this good for him lol it ain't that deep.




That is fucking amazing!
Thinking of doing something but scared of the consequences? Just Do It!




What’s he protesting for again? The right to protest at football games or something? Attention span has been cut so short, I legitimately can’t remember 




Blue lives matter.  The rest is BS




First I gave up all forms of news media, then I gave up all social media. Next I'm going to start actively thinking of where and how I spend my time and money. 

NFL, gone. Nike, gone. Regardless of political views, if I wanted to interact with politics I'd go watch the news. 

**Sports *used* to be an escape from all the garbage**




Alexandria does have the looks, but not the brain.  We are not a socialist country, and we do not want to abolish ICE.  The rest of the country knows open borders would be a disaster.  If the dems go farther left, they will most certainly lose.




Never supporting nike again. This is going to decimate their sales and stock. If you’re holding nike I’d sell fucking yesterday. 




See, it was never about football, kaepernick JUST DOES NOTHING! How great is America now?




I look forward to the next couple of weeks. They should be interesting. The Nike boycott is nothing like the In and Out or Chick fil A boycotts. The nike boycott will actually work.




One more brand added to the boycott list.




Good luck to them every getting NFL deals again...




Kaepernick finna be the Democratic Party nominee in 2020.




going to love to watch the stocks implode!




[deleted]




gives hope to guys like me...

my "eyes that are to close together" brother




Jesus Christ the ignorance 




Nike reports earnings on the 25th. I think this news is too late into the quarter to have a major impact but Q4 might take a hit. I need to do more digging but this might be a great oppruntity to buy some extended puts on the stock. Especial at the premium they are trading at.

No way this helps their top line.




How? Did Nike come out with new loafers? Lol get it? Because he's always kneeling 




But I thought this country has never been great for people of color? 




[removed]




Did you know that this motto (just do it) was inspired by the last words of a convicted murderer dying by a firing squad? His name was Gary Gilmore.

Lol, down vote me all you want. It was not a snipe at either Nike or Kaepernick. I support both.

[It's true.](https://www.ripleys.com/weird-news/nikes-famous-slogan)




How much of that he giving to BLM? 




It's provocative, it gets the people going!




Nike just lives for the noteriety, don't they. "Hey we can be contravercial too look!




[removed]




Nike stock price is about to bleed.




Good. I'm glad he's getting paid for something. 




[removed]




I'm glad to see Colin is still getting work




Boycotting all Nike products now




Ha! Just do what? Protest, disrespect law enforcement in the name of “social justice” while the cameras are on and then do nothing off the field? If so he’s the perfect face of the campaign along with the rest of the NFL players. 




I think Kaepernick should have come up with a better way to protest this serious topic.  The connection between kneeling and police violence is not clear.  Seems like "Hands Up" would have been a more effective protest.




Lmao. What a failed advertising by Nike . Might as well and signed Jay Cutler




Can anyone actually prove that he DIDNT do it for the money though?




BAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA that is fucking hilarious and certainly won't cost you business in the future




orange man bad *reeeeeeeee*




So Nike will promote a guy who refuses to show respect and stand for the national anthem, but they’ll drop a guy who cheated on his wife and was addicted to pain killers, doesn’t make sense lol




He sat thru the national anthem first. I hate this guy




The dude is a joke. Rich joke, but still a joke. 




In world war 2 we fought actual Nazi's and won. 
If we hadn't won that war 
They wouldn't even have there job.




I dont think bending of the knee should be correlated with republicans or nazis. I am not a republican but I do not defend bending of the knee, due to the fact that I support our military and what they/we've , been enlisted for. I think it's somewhat offensive.  If you want to say f uck the oppressors ...say "f uck the oppressors to their face correctly."




For CKs sake I hope Nike paid him enough to compensate his loss of income due to the appallingly discriminatory behavior of the NFL.  The NFL and owners should be ashamed of themselves. Always carrying on about how great America is because you have freedom of speech - but heaven help you if you want to exercise it in such an unpopular field as basic human rights. Do these people ever take time out from telling the world how awesome they are to actually examine the evidence? How do they explain the chasm, the grand canyon, that separates the ideals of the founding fathers as recieved through the constitution etc and the daily reality for the poor, the black, the disadvantaged? 

I have never owned Nikes but my next pair of shoes will be Nikes.  I think it is a very bold and very clever move on Nikes behalf and they should be commended.




[deleted]




Most people would get fired. 

But an athlete and black? Untouchable




It’s so weird that kaepernick is getting so much attention over something that doesn’t really exist lol




Very bold move by Nike, but one that I think signals the "boycott" is losing steam.

It will be interesting to see how outraged the boycotters actually are about this.




Shit. My girlfriend just bought some nikes. Time to return them for some Newbalances. 




You wild man 




It's like being rich and going slumming only online




At the time of writing this the top controversial comment has 405 downvotes and was gilded twice. Absolutely bonkers, I love it.




That was such a mistake, it's a goddamn cesspool down there




Some say he's still sorting to this very day




Did the same. Your usual score of brainwashed lunatic racists, coupled with some normal folks downvoted to hell by T_D brigadiers. 

I hate to see rationality downvoted but T_D fucks gonna fuck (or not really... the ones who aren’t bots are virgins). 




Been on r/wallstreetbets for too long. Read this as time to SHORT controversial.  




Wow I've never seen -445 downvotes before. I'm glad to yet again confirm that the reddit community in general aren't assholes <3




Those theories have existed for years.  There have been plenty of comparisons to Michael Sam that the activism ramped up just as his playing time was in jeopardy.




Only the craziest of people would believe he was playing the long game for a shoe ad campaign. That said, the theory that the kneeling was timed to make him a hot potato right as talks of cutting him were getting loud aren't completely insane. Could have been coincidence, might not have been. 




George Soros picked up Kaepernick on waivers.




They're not...they're not the best at researching their arguments.




Nike's marketing department is fucking genius. You know that the Republicans were getting ready to go crazy next week when the kneeling resumed and Nike swoops in (pun intended) and decides they'll  take all the free press they can get for the next few news cycles.




And then the President of Iran tweets about Colin Kaepernick:


https://twitter.com/ahmadinejad1956/status/1036685396837625856?s=21

Edit: Ex-President.




Meh, it is hard to take anyone who argues against kneeling seriously at this point, when the criticism against it was taken over by a draft-dodger who doesn't know what the flag looks like, can't sing along to the anthem (or god bless america), openly disrespects war heroes and consistently treats memorial events for veterans as if they were campaign rallies...  




This is going to be a great fall for two reasons: midterm elections (so heightened political aggressiveness all around), and those amazing seasonal popcorn tins. CARAMEL CORN CHEDDAR POPCORN BUTTER POPCORN I want BIG red tins with LOTS of Americana imagery all OVER the sides of those fuckers. 




I can't wait for all the videos showing Republicans angrily burning their Nike stuff.




Check back late tonight or tomorrow morning, at least on the US east coast. 




Can’t wait for trump to something about boycotting Nike. 




Always reminds me of the part in Straight Outta Compton where they're watching a crowd burn their records and Eazy-E says "See, the truth is, they can do whatever they want with them. They bought them motherfuckers."




Reminds me of that episode in ubreakable jimmy Schmidt. Controversy cause people to buy more of the product for people to burn




Owning the libs by lighting your clothing on fire.




Better yet, going out and buying some to burn.




I'll personally burn them if they're a size 9.5-10.5.




Are my PF Flyers safe?




But are heelys still ok?




im seeing people on facebook saying they are done with nike.  Really? this is what does it for you? not the child labor bs they have been doing for decades?  A black dude kneeling to protest.  




If you plan on burning your Nikes, consider donating them to the less fortunate instead of having a tantrum over your first world white people problems




Let’s not forget anything Jordan related as well




*kneepad*

just one for the price of two




Under-aided




Yeah this is the issue I have. 

Kaep: “I care about social injustice!*”

*social injustice only counts in the United States. 




IIRC they got shut down a lot of the sweatshop factories because it was too much bad publicity a while ago, didn't they? It also resulted in a lot of the kids that used to work at them being forced into prostitution,




The NFL and Nike just signed an 8 year contract extension: https://money.cnn.com/2018/03/27/news/companies/nike-nfl-gear-contract/index.html




“Distater Nike Inc begged me to do an endorsement deal, turned them down, now they give money to traitors. SAD”




Expect an r/bestof post when this inevitably comes to fruition 




RemindMe! 1 week




I remember seeing this video on twitter before, he explains his view/opinion perfectly while even giving credit and respect to the person for their beliefs and opinions. 

I’d highly recommend anyone to watch it.




Finding a key chain with the name Beto on it must be harder than finding one with the name Bort. 




Also, it should be note that his kneeling was at the request of a veteran on the team that did not want him sitting the bench during. That kneeling for fallen soldiers was a thing from his past and he thought it exceptable. So kneeling was the idea of a veteran.

Edit: I stand corrected, apologizes 
https://www.snopes.com/fact-check/veteran-kaepernick-take-a-knee-anthem/





>reasonable people can disagree on this issue

I wish I heard this more often in politics




But they're not respecting the american flag and the national anthem!!!

What's more important, a piece of cloth and a song or the values they should represent?




We really need more people with this level of rational thought in politics.  




damn. What an outstanding answer. Thanks for sharing this. Off to get a Beto sign.




He's never gonna get elected in Texas with that positive attitude.




God, I love him so much. If he doesn’t win in my state I hope to jesus he runs for president, he’s exactly what this country needs post-trump.




The idea of NFL players, or anyone else, taking a knee during the National Anthem makes me very uncomfortable. It makes my insides twist. It reeks of disrespect. 

BUT I don’t think you can protest injustice without discomfort. Your protest must get attention otherwise it will be ineffective. Colin and others have put it all on the line to peacefully bring attention to injustice in our great land. As Beto said, there’s nothing more American.  America is founded upon righting injustice and taking a stand against injustice. 

I love this commercial’s message despite my personal discomfort. Change is needed. Let’s make change happen and the protest will stop and we will no longer be uncomfortable.




That was great, thanks for sharing. 




Thank you for adding this. Perfect in this thread




Amen to this




These news outlets and journalists should read some statistics every once in awhile. Stats can’t lie. 




Texas resident. I think he would be great but his immigration and gun control stance makes him very unlikeable to conservatives, which is all of Texas except for metro areas




its always been nut jobs being offended on behalf of the military  
  
people need to get better hobbies




> "Peaceful, non-violent protests, including taking a knee at a football game to point out that Black men, unarmed, Black teenagers, unarmed and Black children, unarmed, are being killed at a frightening level right now, **including by members of law enforcement**, without accountability, and without justice," he added. "And this problem – as grave as it is – is not gonna fix itself and they're frustrated, frankly, with people like me, and those in positions of public trust and power, who have been unable to resolve this or bring justice for what has been done and to stop it from continuing to happen in this country.


This is incredibly artful propaganda.  It allows for the fact that blacks aren't killed by police more than whites based on the statistical expectations based on levels of crime committed (i.e., interactions with police due to things like violent assault, etc).  Kaepernick's protest was specifically about police and not violence in the black communities and was and will always be taken as such, and this quote pushes that narrative without actually propagating the same factual objections it's vulnerable to.






>to point out that Black men, unarmed, Black teenagers, unarmed and Black children, unarmed, are being killed at a frightening level right now, **including by members of law enforcement,**

Oh, that's rich. What percentage were killed by members of law enforcement vs. being killed by other black men? My guess is "members of law enforcement" kill less than one percent. But nobody protests for the 99%, so I guess they're ok with it. 




Man I hope he beats out Cruz. What a stand-up guy.




> Black men, unarmed, Black teenagers, unarmed and Black children, unarmed, are being killed at a frightening level right now, including by members of law enforcement, without accountability, and without justice,

The problem is that this just isn't accurate. Statistics and facts get thrown aside when emotions are in charge.




Except he knelt on the premise of law enforcement killing black people. Statistically that’s no more common than being white in the same scenario. Especially when you account for the racial imbalance of offenders. Black people are killing other black people at far higher rates, with regard to gang violence. I would absolutely support a higher focus on that, but we all know that’s not why he knelt. 

He’s a football player who was fed, or cherry picked, a media narrative about law enforcement, and he chose an incredibly inappropriate time to express his distaste. I’m not even particularly upset that he kneels. I just think it’s an amazingly stupid way to get his point across, reinforced by his expressed lack of knowledge on the subject. Kaepernick kneeling during the anthem, for many, symbolises contempt for the whole country, when in fact his gripe is with something that is statistically minute.

The great shame here is that Nike would rather play politics than give the endorsement to someone who has reached the absolute pinnacle in their craft. Eg. Tiger woods, Roger Federer, Usain Bolt etc. 
Colin hasn’t even been the best on his team, let alone the league. If Nike wants publicity through outrage, good luck. But that’s a messy trajectory. 




So, not opposing the view point, but I still think Colin Kap is not the best person. I don’t think kneeling is terrible or non-patriotic as people might make it out to be, however, he lacks the self awareness that not only makes his message ineffective and divisive but also lacks the ability to get his message across. While others like JJ Watt or Malcolm Jenkins are able to bring their message and use their platform effectively in a way that makes the opposition or those who wouldn’t normally act, take action and acknowledge their message and what they stand for.




Beta O'Rourke couldn't get elected dogcatcher. After a DUI and crashing his car, he ran from the police.




I'm voting Beto all the way, but it was clearly a planted question. There's no way someone vehemently against NFL players protesting would show up to a Beto townhall.




> Black men, unarmed, Black teenagers, unarmed and Black children, unarmed, are being killed at a frightening level right now, including by members of law enforcement, without accountability, and without justice

citation fucking needed




I see this man as a president one day. 




"if she gets to pick her judges, nothing you can do, folks. Although the Second Amendment people, maybe there is, I don't know."

Non violent taking a knee is American ... then what about asking for 2A people to take things into their own hands? 




Rolling eyes emoji




> And I can think of nothing more American than to peacefully stand up, or take a knee, for your rights, any time, anywhere, in any place.

I can think of about 100 things more American than that off hand but hard lined left wingers aren’t exactly living in reality.




The problem is that statistically speaking black unarmed men aren’t being shot by police at unprecedented levels.

The premise is wrong from the get go. 




Beto might actually make me be proud to be a Texan.

I have so much shame about the past and present politics of my home state of Texas. 




What a great answer.

It's sick how a protest against the non-action of those in power with regards to the brutality of law enforcement was somehow twisted to be "anti-American".

If anything, those who fought for the country fought for the rights of people to do what that man did.  
If you got offended by the peaceful protest, you ought to sit down and think critically as to why.




How *brave* of a democrat to say something that will get him votes. 




Yup... They can kneel, and we can turn off the TV.

We can both bitch and whine about each other.

No one is getting violent on either side.... Not sure why anyone is still making headlines out of it.

Also, if you care about black deaths, let's look at Oakland and Chicago




I just don't understand why they pretend police are the only reason people of color are being killed, there are very, very few incidents that aren't justified..what the real problem is, is fucking parenting....I was taught to respect officers, obey commands, don't run and don't make sudden movements to my pockets or inside my car....but so many people now are raised with this "fuck the police" mentality as soon as they come in contact with police they are immediately angry, agitated, etc, and people do stupid shit when they are angry and agitated.  People protest before they know what happened just because the person was black, and even if it later clearly shows the person pulling a gun out, or reaching for one and then being killed by police, it's still somehow racism... our society is really going downhill right now, and I'm not far right, far left, I'm mostly in the middle with my political views but I'm still a person with common fucking sense...bottom line, RAISE YOUR KIDS BETTER.




He says he's got a short answer and then his answer is long! Lying politician! I'll vote for Ted Cruz! He is one being and not several!




Why does reddit have such a raging boner for Beto? Is he the new Bernie or what? I'm from the El Paso Area and even people around here don't really talk about him that much.




Can people take a knee during black history month to protest the abnormally high rates of violent crime perpetrated by young black males? (https://nypost.com/2017/09/26/all-that-kneeling-ignores-the-real-cause-of-soaring-black-homicides/)  

Asking for a friend...

Edit:  Wow salty downvoters love double standards, even when the facts support one position and not the other.  Why do y'all hate facts? 




That’s brilliant. It’s a travesty nothing is being done instead you are juat discussing right or wrong in peaceful protest. I really hope the US will sort itself out. I have big hopes for you and I hope that freedom will prevail in the end. 




[deleted]




Yep, the guy that got a dui and ran from cops shod be in congress.  Get out of here.  




He lost credibility with me when he revealed that he didn’t vote. 




Yup, exercising your free speech rights are great....

Is that why no conservatives are allowed to speak on college campuses and social media sites keep shutting them down?




-	so well spoken
-	does not treat person with opposite opinion with disdain. 
-	looks a person in the face and disagrees with grace. 
-	makes a point we are all Americans

O’Rourke for president. 




Yes. Everyone please listen to Beto lie about cops killing unarmed black people at a frightening level without accountability. This guy gets too much hero worship. There were 20 unarmed black people killed by police and 3 were unjustified.  And cops were charged with murder in 2 of those cases.  You can check it all out here.

https://www.washingtonpost.com/graphics/national/police-shootings-2017/




New balance shoes did some rebranding and they look pretty dope now




To be fair, NBs are the only shoes that fit their “wide” feet. 




I like my New Balances, they are comfortable. These shitheads have ruined enough for me as it is, I'm not changing shoe brands for them too 




New Balances are great. Nikes are designed for people with skinny feet.




If it's not them it's the Nike Monarchs




Nah dude NB shoes are nice, see a lot of people actually wearing them now




white New Balances, khakis, and a tucked in, ill-fitting, patterned button-up




Are New Balances bad shoes?




It's business, so making money is priority number one. Marketing is one of the many tools they use to get there. Present the message and let everyone take from it what they want. 




A corporation cares about money? Holy shit you don't say.




Man, I guess I’ll just have to take everyone’s Off-whites if they’re that upset about this.




Swimsuit edition sales. 




People have been pulling out of that festival all day, most recently [John Mulaney](https://twitter.com/mulaney/status/1036729311468896256), they're definitely going to backtrack. 

-----

*More dropoffs: 

Jack Antonoff

Jim Carrey 

Judd Apatow

Jake Swearengin

Bo Burnham

-----

**lol that was fuckin quick:

>[David Remnick just informed staff that Steve Bannon will not be appearing at the New Yorker Festival.](https://twitter.com/mlcalderone/status/1036742123805188096)




Can someone fill me in on the details?




Also... the United States.




Kaep could have had a job despite the kneeling if his girlfriend hadnt called the Ravens owner a slave owner and insulted Ray Lewis while they were still considering hiring him. And hed probably have had a shot at the Miami job if he hadnt called Castro a hero, he is the worst possible person to represent the kneeling movement, but the media is using him because hes the most famous. 




Malcolm Jenkins also hasn't, as far as I know, tried to defend Fidel Castro to a Cuban reporter. So that's another point for Malcolm Jenkins.




[deleted]




[Close enough](https://twitter.com/TomiLahren/status/1036742040111828993)




I didn't know she was still around




Lol I still think Pepsi is the king of doing this type of marketing is a super transparent way.  Please recall the Jenner ad where an impromptu protest of something(?) broke out during a Jenner photoshoot. It was maximum cringe.




> The main attraction, distraction
> 
> Got ya number than number than numb
> 
> Empty ya pockets son, they got you thinkin' that
> 
> What ya need is what they selling
> 
> **Make you think that buying is rebelling**
> 
> From the theaters to malls on every shore
> 
> Tha thin line between entertainment and war
> 
> The frontline is everywhere, there be No Shelter here!
> 

. - rage against the machine




Agreed, it's a blatant money grab. If /r/truefellowkids was a thing this would be the top post. 

Ninja edit: goddamnit of course it's already a thing. 




As US Army Combat veteran. I could give a fuck how someone protest so long as it’s peaceful. I fought for their right* to do so and I’m elated that they get to use it.

*read I fought for college tuition and opportunity to leave a shitty life.




He’s not even protesting troops specifically. It’s was more about police brutality.




Most people in the military know what they signed up for and that's protecting people's right to free speech whether you agree with it or not.

It's the fake ass chicken hawks that are making it an issue 




Tbf what company in that tier of populairty isn't? 




Hate is one hell of a drug.




This being reddit and all, the emojis registered to me as pepe drinking coffee before it registered as kermit drinking tea. 




Holy shit thank you. Kaep is pretty insane, glad someone remembers. 

Saved, I’d recommend you save this entire comment somewhere before mods delete it 




Careful mate. Logic isn’t welcomed here.

I will repeat what o said earlier. I am in support of Colin for wanting to do this, but the fact that anyone who disagrees with him is called a racist is completely pathetic. 




Here's ONE faceless multinational corporation that CARES about social justice. 






Works for Apple and Samsung.




Actually Nike is an example of one company that made a lot of moves in the 90s to clean up its act and has done a good job at it since all the public backlash and it became he poster company for taking advantage of cheap international labor and loop holes.

Had to do a case study on it in college. It will never fully shake that image but as long as other companies are caught and make headlines for it and it keeps its hands clean it’s reputation should improve. 




Was it really that gutsy though? I have a feeling that nike's targeted demographic probably supports kap anyways. And the silent majority that doesn't give a flying fuck because they have bigger issues to deal with in their lives will continue to not give a fuck. 




Lol pretty sure you’re not supposed to protest the government if you are from Iran 




Twitter was a misunderstanding.




don't forget wearing police pig socks.




Also the not voting thing...




ya know, I don't believe his hardcore support base are Nike's main demographic.




Brands have accepted that polarization offers a marketing opportunity. In a world of abundant choices, a larger portion of a highly polarized segment may be more profitable than a smaller share of a customer base that doesn't engage emotionally.

It worked in politics. Why not advertising? 




Nike already has a ton of athletes under their brand that support kneeling. If this is what tips them.over the edge, they are idiots who have been ignoring everything for years.




Just to note, there are not at right reasons to not buy Nike, the conditions in which their clothes and shoes are made is one of the biggest.




When the hell did people start conflating anime fans with the alt-right? Although lolicons, the ones with blatant and publicly displayed merchandise as you describe, are a small subset of various fanbases, you are painting with too broad a brush and strengthening negative stereotypes on all anime fans. Racist posts are consistently downvoted and reported in popular anime subs and sexual bias is not displayed beyond the extent that any other male-dominated fandom does. I can't imagine that someone is alt-right would likely have an easy time finding anime with political or moral values consistent with their own anyways, never mind getting into it in the first place with religious or xenophobic Fox-news consuming parents.




> refers to all conservatives as alt-right

> refers to all conservatives as anime virgins

Sounds about right for Reddit.




you leave traditional t-shirt-chan out of this, she is wholesome and pure




Like the "Nordstrom boycotts" when they pulled Ivanka's line. *Shocked* that Nordstrom managed to survive that.




To be honest, I don't care that much what political positions most companies take if I like their product. I'm by all (modern) measures aligned pretty closely with political conservatives, even though I consider myself a classical liberal in almost every area.

That said, I've bought probably 100 pairs of Nikes through the years, for myself or my kids/family. The fact that they decided to showcase a controversial and mediocre athlete rather than numerous stars they could have chosen tells me that they're counting on a groundswell of support among people of a particular political bent who might have gone off to other brands. Beyond any question about Kaepernick, that leaves a bad taste in my mouth. 

I still buy Starbucks, Apple (when they have something of value to me), and do business at Target, use Google, etc. But I'm going to think long and hard about buying anything else with the swoosh simply because of their zeal for profiteering on controversy.




Don't think they make clothing with swatiskas on them either. 




On the plus side, I'm learning who are my closet racist friends  on fb. 




When you reduce people you disagree with down to literal cartoons




Boycotts never seem to work. Remember the Chik-fila boycott? 




Ahahaha. Too funny.

But then If you take away the alt rights fetish for creepy porn, all you're left with is the hate.




Can you define "alt-right" please? 




That's a good point.  Most people think Tiger Woods wears Nike and is friends with Trump, but that can't be true.




Did you find the proposed boycott of in n out by California democrats equally hilarious?




You’re highly underestimating the Weeb - AltRight fanbase




Shots fired, cue the right tears




Yeah something tells me Nike doesn’t make anything big enough to fit over their beer bellies. 

Edit- It’s ok, you can crack open another Miller High Life^TM with the boys if thats what makes you feel better.




Have you ever heard of the theory of labeling? If you start calling your political opponents alt-right/nazis they might just become them.




That is a really wierd comment. Are you 13?




This doesn't piss off alt-righters, it's pissing off the entire right and most of the center and a good chunk of the left. 




I had to Google that shit just to be sure, but you meant promulgate. 




If he doesn't think anyone running represents him, or if he thinks his vote won't be counted, then voting could be hypocritical. I don't agree with that choice, because I think everyone should think about other people and the *fact* that voting for the "lesser of two evils" is always voting for the (somewhat) greater good — more people will benefit from the better outcome than from the worse outcome.




Bird up




\>When people are finding out about your sweatshop, child slavery practices for cheap and expensive shoes, but Colin Kaepernick is in town




Nike doesn't care about his stance one way or another. They care about this controversy they started and their name plastered all across the news. Good or bad, all we hear is Nike, Nike, Nike, Nike...

In a month when everyone has forgotten about this, that impact will still affect buying habits. It's coldly calculated. They don't give a fuck about any causes, left or right. 




It's been an hour. Come up for some air




The phrase is "**couldn't** care less," btw.

Insinuating that you could care less suggests you actually care about the topic at hand.




People are going to be lining up to get those new Kaepernick free agency jerseys.




That is the angle some are taking. 

It's certainly the subtext of [Darren Rovell's tweet](https://mobile.twitter.com/darrenrovell/status/1036697374452867072?s=21)

Pretty misleading for a journalist. 




I’ve got no problem with kneeling, do whatever you want with your first amendment rights, but I will look down on you for wearing socks that depict cops as pigs. 




nice logic




The definition of a bigot is "a person who is intolerant toward those holding different opinions." You're close to crossing that line. 




I just think it’s hypocritical and stupid 




The same people saying vile things and shitting on John McCain's legacy are many of the same people shitting on Kaepernick for "disrespecting" veterans.  
It's fucking unbelievable their hypocrisy.   





Especially since a veteran was the one who gave him the idea of kneeling. But that doesn't matter to the opposition




Lol, if you don’t agree with me you are a bigot... so much for people just respecting people’s views. There is a big difference between feeling it’s unpatriotic or disrespectful to our veterans and screamming “look at those disrespectful (racial slurs) not appreciating what they have”

I don’t care how anyone feels about it but let’s try to have some compassion for the other side and not be part of the problem.




There are ways to rebel and say I disagree with something aside from saying hey I'm not kneeling during the national anthem.  For example, wear an armband throughout the game, take a moment of silence beyond the national anthem to immediately call attention to the matter, leverage your social media, etc.  Of all the times to disagree with some social injustice why pick a moment when you encroach on other people's sacrifices.  But don't worry because there is a logical disagreement and your a child who can't see someone else's feelings and sacrifices I'm an asshole.  




Woah someones weirdly aggressive, it’s ironic you call people bigoted and an asshole yet you’re both




I just want all of the African American folk to know. I AM NOT OK WITH THIS




At this point if your making dumb-ass comments like this, your incapable of having a rational conversation about grown-up things. 




What about refusing to vote because you think voting supports oppression?

https://edition-m.cnn.com/2016/11/14/sport/49ers-qb-colin-kaepernick-explains-why-he-didnt-vote/index.html




I wouldn't say big/racist, maybe an asshole.  But it an idiot may seem to be in line with that.    

I am a veteran, and I am constantly chastised by my decision to not get offended by the national anthem kneeling.   I always let them know that I put on the uniform so they could kneel whenever the fuck they wanted to, rather than having to live in a 3rd world country where you'd get shot for even thinking about kneeling.  

I may not understand the protesting but I understand the rights to protest, it's your right to believe that the protesting is just as wrong as well.   You can certainly stand and sing the anthem, let them kneel.  

Bonus points that it's also a tradition to have a salute to service members time at a sporting event, the national anthem wasn't meant for that kind of exposure.   




Nike have one of the worst track records for ethics of any company.

I'm ON the left, but I always struggle to see how the left figures these things.

Nike sides with Kapernick therefore the historically awful company is good.

Twitter, Facebook and Google censor Alex Jones, therefore net neutrality is a bad idea and censorship is a good idea.

Disney blackballs James Gunn, therefore Disney, the ultra-conservative, laizzefaire multinational corporation is the friend of the people.

Kinda mind boggling




Countdown to trumptards going on social media burning all of the Nike gear they have already purchased.  




You'd think that "police brutality is bad" would be a political message that everybody could get behind.




This false equivalence BS needs to stop. It’s not that Papa John is Republican and Colin K is a Democrat. It’s about how people see the world. These guys aren’t just two sides of the same coin. Papa John is a dick by all accounts, and he finally went too far. Colin K is trying to make a point about something that he cares about that he wants other people to care about, too. 




Companies do just fine supporting liberal causes something conservatives are always complaining about. I'm willing to bet Nike did some researching and decided that the business they'll lose from this is inconsequential compared to the business they'll gain. I'm going to the mall today and am absolutely buying some Nike because of this.




Look at the demographics of support for Trump... not exactly Nike's go to market.  Forgoing trump's support for an athletic-oriented business isn't going to lose out on that trade.




People lives aren't political. 




> It will be ironic when this ad is essentially a Nike revenue sacrifice for the sake of sending a message that nobody wants or needs to hear from an apparel brand

I can promise you, their revenue sacrifice won't be as big as you apparently think it will be.




Papa John did way more than just broadcast political allegiance.






There is a logical disconnect here. Many many athletes are sponsored by large corporations who have similar business practices to Nike. But because CK wants social justice for black Americans he is now some kind of hypocrite?

That’s analogous to putting down someone who volunteers at a pet shelter because there are starving people in Africa. Can’t be a champion for every cause, nor did he claim to be. 




There’s no one on *Earth* that you respect more than Kaepernick?




One of the most admirable things a person can do is stand up for their beliefs even when doing so harms them in some way. Very few have the fortitude to do what Kaep did and I respect the hell out of that.




Against the establishment? LOL. What the fuck are you talking about? Is hollywood, every late night show host, every news station besides fox, all the politicians on the left and mega-millionaire rappers/athletes not part of the establishment? Get outtta here with your BS.




Human rights.  They're really big on being anti-child labor and stuff.  Oh wait...




Hate him or love him, he just did it. 




Except voting. He purposefully does not do that. 




> during a time when athletes are only encouraged to be seen and not heard.

This is straight up not true.  Nearly every athlete is asked to weigh in on the current political climate when talking with the media.  Just last week Tiger Woods was randomly asked what he thought about Trump.




Athletes have never had more of a platform to speak their minds. 




It’s basically free advertising 




I completely agree from a business point this was a huge move 




All this really tells us is that Nike's marketing directors (who I imagine are pretty fucking good at picking trends) have decided that they are likely to sell more products now and in the future if they take the side of Kaepernick. It's nothing moral, or meaningful, it's just a business decision - but if Nike's marketing directors have the feeling that they will sell more products by taking Kaepernick's side, it's saying a lot about the direction that the future might take.

And even if it's just marketers playing off the exposure that addressing any controversial issue will yield, they still think they will be hitting a bigger market by taking Kaepernick's side on it.




Freeing the individual as in child labor in Asia?




Politics is bad for business. Period.




What sport does this Colin guy play? I'll wait. 




Don’t forget horrible working conditions in off-shore factories. 




WTF! I love child slavery now!




That is what Nike wants lol, they don't give a fuck about your movement.




quality doesn't matter obviously.  2018 strikes again.




Oh yeah. Honestly, history will look favorably at him. Only 17% of Americans supported MLK's protests at the time. Now he has a national holiday.

I don't think Kapernick has done the equivalent of MLK, but even if someone as great a man as him was disliked and viewed negatively in his time, than I think a similar thing is happening now. I think as time goes on, he'll be remembered more and more positively 




Yes

Sources:

http://mallenbaker.net/article/clear-reflection/nike-and-child-labour-how-it-went-from-laggard-to-leader

https://www.businessinsider.com/how-nike-solved-its-sweatshop-problem-2013-5




Compared to what?  Ideal expectations, or from whomever you would otherwise buy apparel from?  




lmao no and they never paid the lady who designed their logo either fuck them




Its cheaper to signal than to actually change things.




No.  Still made by kids, for kids.




[deleted]




Do you actually need a new pair of Nikes? If so, then buy away. But if you're buying them just to show solidarity, wouldn't it make more sense to donate that money to inner-city programs that actually need it? Nike doesn't need your money.. Inner-city programs do.




who in their right mind boycotts In-N-Out?




they’ll just decide out of coincidental timing that they’re now vocally opposed to nike and sweatshop labor in order to deflect and shame. 




This is a disaster for liberals everywhere. I can already feel myself being owned by conservatives who are destroying their own property.




How do you see the percentage? I want to start checking this more regularly, I simply don’t believe shit like this gets as many upvotes as is stated. 




Dude rocked the boat after not living up to his hype on the field... lots of athletes have been dismissed under those circumstances.

Lots of regular ass employees in regular ass jobs too.

Props to him for doing what he feels is right but... teams don’t want him because they don’t need him. 




Just dropping by to say that New Balance is still making a significant portion of their shoes in the US using decently-paid labor on the east coast, so they're actually a worthy brand to support versus sweatshop contractors like Nike.




Politics asides New Balance shoes are the best




What about justice for the people who do backbreaking labor in the US so you can have strawberries/tomatoes/etc?




The slogan is 30




George Carlin said it best, "The flag is a symbol, and I leave symbols to the symbol-minded."

(I'm paraphrasing a bit, there.)




lmao has nike stopped using sweatshops or something 




Its just smart business. Think outside America. Half of America hates Trump. Internationally, it's more like 80 or 90 percent of people. This is a killer move by Nike which, like all businesses, stand the most to gain not from static small growth sales in the US, but from the potential massive growth in the rest of the world, especially emerging markets like China, India, and Indonesia, where Trump is a villian.




I know right. Like, I remember a time when people were less annoying about things like this. 




Golden rule of business: 80% of your revenue comes from 20% of your customers 




When was modern sports never not political?

y'all just like to have selective memory. 




Didn’t see it. What was the post or gist of it?




This is the kind of sensible sports hot take we need to get back to. We need more “I have no idea if the name Redskins is racist, but fuck yeah they should change it because GO COWBOYS”




> Nike cleaned up that bullshit 20 years ago. Find a new slant.

Oh? How much are their children earning per day now? $2.50?




https://qz.com/1042298/nike-is-facing-a-new-wave-of-anti-sweatshop-protests/
This is from 2017. Nike has not and will not clean up their sweatshops.




I'm definetly left-leaning, just wanted to point out that Nike's sweatshop bullshit isnt a partisan issue. They, and hundreds of other clothing companies are extremely horrible polluters, abuse laws and resources in 3rd world countries, employ underage workers, and pay them almost nothing. Nike sells you $80 shoes but give their employees a few dollars a day. 




The whole narrative of police officers hunting down these innocent unarmed black men is for the most part completely false though.

 I’d wager that a majority of people from both sides of the political aisle have no problem with police officers who do time for shootings that are deemed unnecessary and/or happened due to racist intent, which I’ll add is massively hard to prove. 




I mean, sometimes signaling virtue means you just have to ignore the slavery of Pakistani children, right?




So you were OK with them using sweatshop labor. But supporting a guy who spoke out against police brutality is your moral compass. 




Yes, this a dumpster fire.




I wasn't buying Nike shit before because they're overpriced and use sweatshops. I don't know why  a guy protesting police brutality is crossing the line. 




Did they boycott toothpaste or some shit?




Now you’re just making shit up. He was a meh college QB who was drafted late in the second round as franchise QB Alex Smiths backup. During his second year as a backup, Smith was having his best year as a pro but he got hurt. CK came in as a backup and played well enough to not only take the job, but to take the Niners to the super bowl. No schemes were changed. Smith never got the job back and was traded to Kansas City. CK was easily a top 10 (maybe top 5) QB that year. His skills diminished after he  lost strength while injured. He was visibly skinnier after the injury, but he was still a top 20 QB for sure. He probably still is today.

Tebow was never a good QB but he played in a super strong college program that was able to compensate for his poor sidearm throwing mechanics. He was in the NFL purely for marketing. The wholesome Christian virgin that the women could fantasize about corrupting while their husbands watched the game. No legit contender put him on the roster. The only success he had was with Denver, and that was with the with the same monster defense that carried a used up Peyton Manning to a Super Bowl victory in the worst season of his career. One where he could barely turn his head to the side and threw twice as many picks as touchdowns.




Also, bots can't buy shoes.




We about those white new balances bruh 




Worldwide most people don't actually care about Trump, and don't know who this Colin guy is




OP added a "the" to the title that the article doesn't have.

>Other athletes in the new campaign include Serena Williams, Odell Beckham Jr., Shaquem Griffin and LeBron James.




LeBron has thrown his support behind this ad roll.  




If they got a ten lemme know




Tired meme.

Do you know where all the products _you_ use are made? And by whom?




> used to play football making some money because you don't like his political views

Dude if I had a nickle for every time people on Reddit made a thread for being mad at some right winger for having political views, let alone his skin color, I'd be fucking rich. Anything anyone does to a Black person is racism akin to being a KKK member, and anything anyone does to a White person is just the standard. Gets old real quick, you don't see White people calling everyone else racist for not giving a fuck about the disproportionately White and poor rural community. 




They aren't censoring anything they have rules about what can be posted. You can disagree with the rules but they aren't censoring anything. They probably aren't allowing it because it's about a sponsorship deal regarding an inactive player. The wasn't a post when Brett Favre endorsed Copper Fit.

You say they're scared. Scared of what?

Also since you're so concerned why don't you post the message you sent them asking why it was removed. I mean you did send them a message right? Clearly you must of since you're so gung-ho about throwing accusations around.




What are his beliefs?




Much less politics. 




“My sportball safe space is being ruined by nasty opinions. Someone make the sport man stop it!”




Its not even political, hes literally only saying "stop shooting black people"




It so sad you are unable to just ignore this and are now too triggered to watch football.




It's more complicated than that.

This is a question is on the rights of employers vs the rights of employees.

An employer clearly has a right to some moderation of your behavior while you're on the clock..yet employees have a right to protest. At what point does one right eclipse the other?

It's a complex and important question and not just "lol, kneeling"




My position is, they have the right to knee; but their bosses have the right to punish them for it or warn them about what will happen if they do in an attempt to discourage it




Another dude "grabs them by the pussy" and it's like, "meh".




Haha, no NFL players are communists. The wealth they are payed for playing a game is the exact opposite of communism.what about all the veterans that support the time and venue. 




Seems the marketing worked




A lazy bankrupt term. Meant to tear down anyone showing empathy and to normalize apathy.




That's very snowflakey of you.




You described like 99% of everything sold in American retail 




I hope he kneels for the constant talking points you lot keep throwing at the wall. 




Aly Rasman was sitting right there!




Weak argument. Brady threw 4 ints in a game. 




You’re an awful person. 




Is no one disturbed that those who are boycotting Nike didn't care about the sweatshop stuff before? That it's only brought up now to justify their boycott so they don't have to say that they are boycotting because Colin spoke out against police brutality?




THAT'S going to keep you from buying Nikes? Lol, I Dont buy them because theyre cheap yet overpriced. 




Kaep has donated $1 million and raised millions more to over 30 organizations to helping the under-privileged, at-risk youth, police reform, jobless, and more. He donated personally over $1 million and has raised millions more. 

https://kaepernick7.com/million-dollar-pledge-recap/

He did all of this while knowing his financial future in football was insecure. What have you done to positively impact a community? 




This is one thing Americans need to understand. People around the world have a better idea of what is going on in your country then its citizens do. They pay attention because its entertaining. However Americans seem to live in a bubble and are far less traveled.




Hey, out of the states here. Your news permeate every newspaper and news source in the world. Everyone who is kind of in touch knows about the kneeling during anthem thing and koepernick. Also, South Park is really big. 




Hey! I’m British and I am well aware of who he is and why he is protesting. American news affects the whole world and it’s very easy to find out what is happening :) 




>Am I the only one who is cynical about this?

Did you not read the thread for, oh, say 15 seconds?




[removed]




>nothing has changed

You mean aside from bodycameras becoming widely used by police departments, removed a dozens of Jim Crow-era statues, forced the University of California to pull $30 million in prison investments, created a bunch of charity concerts to help impoverished children, spurred on dozens of studies looking into criminality, opened a dialog, and created an awareness so strongly that you're talking about it on Reddit right now.

Aside from all that and then some, yeah dude, Colin did nothing. 

You could also at least try to speak without running into hilarious fallacies. Colin can't talk about an issue because he grew up middle-class? So I take it you're against Doctor's Without Borders too? It's also interesting to watch the conspiracy theorist's mental gymnastics you're using to try and justify him actively hurting his career in order to protest as if that's a net benefit for him. How mad are you that Alex Jones was removed from several podcast and video sites?




Not really, most people in america agree with Kaepernic, and an even higher majority in other countries. Pretty smart business move imo.




So were you




I didn’t know bots wore shoes.




Just triggered.




Your mom didn't tell you?

*HEY OH*




What do you think would be the best way for him to protest?




He's not in the NFL because he brought a circus to the office.  CBS and FOX already pay all of the owners in the NFL.  They just need to keep their product on the field.  All of the side attention that they can't control doesn't benefit them or their business in the least.





[removed]




[removed]




[removed]




[removed]




[removed]




[removed]




[removed]




[removed]




[removed]




[removed]




[removed]




[removed]




[removed]




[removed]




[removed]




[removed]




[removed]




[removed]




[removed]




[removed]




[removed]




[removed]




[removed]




[removed]




[removed]




[removed]




[removed]




You are clueless.




[removed]




[removed]




[removed]




[removed]




[removed]




I think they're all busy making Trump hats




[deleted]




I guarantee less than half their customers are even invested in either side of the debate




Old white men don't buy Nikes. If they wear sneakers it is off brand Wall Mart sneakers.




[removed]




Me and my ex call those the Nike Dadcons 




"I prefer people who don't get fired for speaking out against institutional injustice."




That’s as dumb as giving a Nobel Peace Prize to a US President for just getting elected. 

Wait a minute...




[deleted]




Oh stop. The president hates Lebron and whatever the president says/feels his followers will support.  One tweet and his people fall into line. 




[removed]




He's been signed with Nike since 2011 (it's part of the article you didn't read)




After all these years, it still has not happened. So ask yourself, [Where's the revolution? ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jsCR05oKROA)




And they're going to be wrong.  The best they can hope for is that no one notices.




Are they?




[deleted]




Shia is in a retreat cabin in Finland rubbing one out trying to come down. Give him a break.




What in the world are you talking about? Their sales are not only up, but their stock price has increased by over $30 in the last year. 

Please do better research before making ridiculous statements. 






"Put down those matches this instant, young man"

"But mooom, I gotta own the libs!"




Was arguably a very good player (played QB, the most important position, for one of the teams in the Super Bowl). Currently he has not played for a few seasons, likely because folks didn't want his 'off the field' baggage that came with his political protests. On talent alone he probably should have a job in the NFL this season, but it isn't crazy that he doesn't have one. He might be the 50th or so best QB in the league if he played? It's hard to tell.




> Just do what? 

it!

(on a side note, how is there not a good chris jericho picture that just says "it!" over it on a google image search?)




God bless Separation of Church and State. 




[removed]




Football hurt itself




And what have you done?




Kaepernick has had backup jobs offered to him. The [Ravens nearly offered him a position and then his girlfriend said some offensive stuff](https://www.cbssports.com/nfl/news/ray-lewis-ravens-refused-to-sign-colin-kaepernick-because-of-girlfriends-tweet/). 




Attention for I justice. Why are you against nonviolent protest?




If all he ever did was provide a litmus test that shows who the racists are, by who gets upset about this and who doesn't. I'm ok with it.




Well, if this controversy has taught us anything it's that football deserves to be hurt. 




Well I mean if everything you said was true then everyone coulda ignored him and he'd have been out the news in a week.

But nope, everyone had to pitch a fit.




No one said he was sacrificing. Only when Trump got involved did he start getting ostracized and losing stuff. He didn't do it to be martyred, but that's how people reacted




Trump should not even be involved in this discussion. He's the President. Shouldn't have time to bother with such trivial issues, but this one does. 




Being a failed QB in the NFL makes you one of the best in the world. It's impressive and totally worthy of a Nike ad. Also, the ad obviously has to do with standing up for what you believe in and not purely QB stats. You know that, though. You're just being a contrarian.




Yea, made it to a Superbowl beating one of the best along the way, 100 million dollar contract, civil rights champion. But you, someone I'd bet doesn't have shit going for them, gets to say that Colin is a failure. Hilarious. 




Failed is a bit much. He was blackballed from the league.




This guy on Reddit knows better than one of the best marketing teams in the world. 




> A failed QB

how many Super Bowls you lead a team to? xD




He failed and still accomplished more than you ever will




I'd rather be a "failed" QB then pretty much any other job. As long as I'm still getting paid I couldn't care less.




I imagine he's getting along better than a lot of haters out there.  All by following his beliefs.  America is amazing. This is America. 




but a guy like Peterman is starting




Anyone who wants to know more about how good Colin Kaepernick actually is at playing football, check out [this video. it's pretty good. ](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=1I0cUTXwr-k) 




He put up good numbers in 2016 the last season he played.




It’s been going on for 2 years now. What makes you think all of a sudden people are going to read you comment and no longer care?




He's easily a top 40 QB. He should be on an NFL roster.




His job. Hence "unemployed"




Why do racists always go back to Germans for their fashion?




You obviously have not seen the posters in churches across the United States of America that say black lives matter or tolerance preached here.  This movement is real, it’s important, and it doesn’t have to be political, unless you want it to be.




So what if he was raised by white parents? If anything he saw the double standards more frequently.  He saw the life he was given and the saw how fucked up the hood is and decided to do something about it.  I think that makes it all the more poignant.  You see something that is fucked up and maybe it doesn't affect you and you still decide to do something about it.  

With all due respect nobody cares what we do during our 9-5 jobs.  We don't have the reach or the celebrity or leverage that someone in his position has.  In a way the guy has succeeded already because we're all talking about the issue.  Yeah the country is torn on the solution but shit hard problems usually require some deliberation.




Do you know what protesting is




“He was raised by white parents and then decided to be super black”

Do you know how being black works? It doesn’t just like go away because you’re around white people a lot. You’re still experiencing America as a black person. 

Like what? Cause he was raised by white people, did he just become white or something?




> Dude should have done it off the field.

That must have been why our founding fathers protested British taxation by simply not drinking their morning tea at home and then shitting up about it instead of going after a large merchant vessel...you know more exposure to the cause with the former.




He really wasn't though, definitely better than most backups and arguably better than a lot of current starters. I feel like you're just repeating a narrative you've heard.




[Stats](https://youtu.be/1I0cUTXwr-k) tell a different story than what you're making up




Nike isn’t hiring him to play football.




This actually isn't true unless there are only 12-14 good QBs and everyone else is shit.




He'd still be getting millions to play somewhere. He's easily a bottom ten level starter and a backup on any team. 




> he was a shit QB

....that almost won the super bowl.....

He is certainly better than the bottom half of QBs. 




I think the league's reaction to his lawsuit is kinda telling...they seem awful nervous about a trial....  




Definitely above average in the league




But he's one of very few American Football players that anyone has heard of outside the USA.




Bro he made it to the super bowl foh




he made it to the superbowl.....




So you can be a bad quarterback and get a job in the NFL? TIL.  
I was under the impression that even the 3rd string in premier sports leagues were elite athletes.




https://www.washingtonpost.com/graphics/2017/sports/kaepernick-tracker/?noredirect=on&utm_term=.761988a76bb2




If Colin Kaepernick isn't a good QB, then the vast majority of QBs past and present have really sucked. Those scrubs Tony Romo, Philip Rivers, Dan Fouts, and Warren Moon never even MADE the Superbowl.




It's not about how good of a QB he was, there are things that are bigger than that




I don't know about that, police killing unarmed black people is pretty rare, but being treated unfairly and brutally is pretty common. 

&#x200B;

Probably not the hill I would choose to die on, but I respect that he was willing to stand up for his convictions, and I think it works in this ad campaign, the quote works.

&#x200B;




Not rare for Black community. ICYMI

And why is protesting the National Anthem bad in and of itself? The 3rd verse praises killing runaway slaves.  




To be fair that is the hardest time to make a throw 




Ultimately, yes.




ah yes. all the unarmed black men in America who are shot by cops daily are millionaires.  The police chief who just 2 months ago was found to have had a 98% clearance record because he framed innocent black men to close all the open cases in his town, those innocent black men were all millionaires too.  Yeah, there's no racism or police brutality in America that needs attention brought to it.  No famous people with power to bring attention to the issue should be using that power to bring attention to the issue because it's non-existent....that's the ticket!




Jesus Christ I've been saying this for the last two years. If he was a Tom Brady or Aaron Rogers level QB ...hed be on a fuckin team. Period. 

Edit: Regardless of the NFL,  It's a pretty damn good campaign Nike and Kap put together 




Why not?




Are you serious? Sports has always been (at times) a platform to voice certain issues:

Jesse Owens 
Ali
Tommie Smith 
John Carlos

Those above are some of the most prolific protestors in sports, and guess what, they are a part of history. 

Sorry, sometimes you gotta stand (or kneel in this case) for things that you believe or are against. 







[deleted]




Well apparently you do care. And this fore wqs not burnt out. Fall is comimg with elections, the president was definately going to pour more fuel on this fore as a distraction.




And yet the Right is choosing now to boycott them, when they dare have a spokesperson who protests police brutality. Shows a lot about their morals.




>He overcame adversity? On paper and in practice he was objectively the worst quarterback in the NFL. 

I'd love to hear how you came to this conclusion




Just shot in the leg while lying down




[removed]




Meh, I can support the campaign without buying their overpriced sweatshop gear. 




As someone who does a lot of marketing this isn’t what they are going for , everyone knows who Cap is even if you don’t watch sports also 

Who are the people that buy Nike?
Young people usually liberal 
They support the kneeling 




It’s a bit complicated. His team had success when he played (went to the Super Bowl) but there is debate regarding how much he contributed to the overall success. To add to it, he plays quarterback in a non-traditional fashion so it’s hard to critique him relative to many other good/great players. He was cut from he 49ers amidst the kneeling controversy and a lot of team coaching changes. He was never resigned and it is speculated that it had more to do with the “circus” he would bring to a new team rather than his ability (which from above is hard to objectively measure.) I believe there is a lawsuit pending between Kaepernick and the NFL over that last point. 




Hell sort by new and still lose hope in humanity




Can’t wait until those who never wear Nike continue never wearing Nike. 




Nobody gives a fuck what your opinion is, you get mocked for this childish “omg Im such a victim, people disagree and downvote me on Reddit”. There is literally not one person calmly stating they disagree. Look at you, making sure to put that you’re a conservative even though it has nothing to do with what you’re saying. You’re desperate to be a victim.




Because maybe the contracts weren’t worth it in his mind?




‘Virtue signaling’ is one of the stupidest inventions of nomenclature in recent times, right up there with ‘micro aggressions’ 




It was a better day for Nike, at least going by the stock values. 




Well, there is the caveat that you cant say racist stuff. You would be fine with writting i disagree with this move by Nike. But no racism. I k ow its hard.




[deleted]




"Don't praise anyone unless you're also praising every single veteran at once"




Like this comment. 




People like him are naturally unintelligent, and he draws the dumb like a moth to a flame. They make a fuss, but offer no solutions other than to riot and burn their cities. But it's somehow the white peoples' fault that they kill each other at an insane rate.

*Colin hurt himself in his confusion!*




They make shirts, pants, shorts, sweaters, balls, bottles, socks, underwear .... you don’t have to just buy shoes




Source for half?




A good portion of his voters don’t even buy Nike products, and I’m sure they figured that the positive sales theyll see from this will far outweigh the snowflakes protesting them.




Less than 20% of the country voted for these stooges.

It's a calculated risk, but it's minimal.




You do realize Nike sells in other countries besides America right? They couldn’t give a shit about the idiots that voted for Trump.




I would say they alienated 37% of their customers. 




You know they are a world wide company? America as a whole isn't half their sales




The best way to respect the flag is to let someone express themselves in a peaceful manner. Trying to silence them is disrespectful too the flag, country and the troops who fought to protect our freedom.




TLDR: Racist Americans get angry at black man for kneeling because the 'disrespect'. But fine with a white man as president who draft dodged.




I mean he wasn’t completely awful watch [this video](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=1I0cUTXwr-k) it’s pretty neat. 




Cry much. 




He kneeled during the Anthem, which if you actually read the Flag Code isn't considered disrespectful. You know what is disrespectful? Wearing the American flag. So remember that next time you go to the beach on the 4th of July and see all these people with the flag wrapped around their fat asses.

He originally sat during the Anthem at the beginning of his protests, until a vet told him that it was disrespectful to the flag to do so. Ever since he learned that, hes kneeled instead. 




Please tell me how exercising a constitutional right is "disrespecting the country"




Why are you so triggered? Nike is undertaking a politically incorrect marketing campaign and all the anti-PC, I figured MAGAts would support that. 




If you equate this with John Schnatter's dumbfuckery, I think we can safely discount your opinion




Reality has a liberal bias, tho. 




1.he was already screwed, no team wanted to deal with angry fans for a starter/potential backup
2.At his peak he was really good but he kinda developed into a good starting QB with potential 
3.probably not, because teams would get too much backlash  




[deleted]




Donating is something Jesus would do... so probably not going to happen. 




Which still means you bought a pair of Nikes lol.




Best footwear I’ve ever owned are Irish settler boots. I wear 16w and these boots are amazing. I wish I could find regular shoes. 




>diving for the TD

Is that what you do over in The__Dumpster?




Dick’s Sporting Goods is laughing at this comment. 




Just Do It.

But tbh, just up your protein intake and you should retain some definition. This depends on how much muscle you have now. 

Edit: Good reminder is to keep doing core when you're bulking. Also, do more shoulder excercises so you can still have capped shoulders. 

Am on mobile, clicked edit. Don't know why it posted a second comment




Anyone who knows football more than in a casual way, knows he's better than the 40-60 backups currently signed to NFL teams




He was a starting-caliber QB last he played, but his team did terrible his last year playing, and he had to compete for the starting role.

But he is a dynamic player with many physical gifts, and helped guide his team to a deep and unexpected run in the playoffs only a few years before his final season.

He's undeniably a better than average player at his position.




Not sure if sarcasm buut, just in case, burn those bought and paid for shoes. That’ll show ‘em!




^ Typed on his Apple product with no sense of irony.




100%.

It’s funny that everyone in here seems to think they know what Nike’s business model looks like, and what their projections look like. If people don’t think that Nike researched this for months, then they’re stupid. This was a calculated decision.




The majority of the people against him are likely the over 30 crowd while the majority of the sneaker buying crowd are the teens and 20 year olds.  

The vast majority of NFL fans don't care about the issue one way or another while about 15% are fanatically against him and another 15% are probably fanatically for him.




[deleted]




Explain how. That doesn't make sense.




What did he do to stop bad apples in his department?  Honest question, I've backed co workers that I probably should have called out for not being safe to not look like a tattleler, it's hard to do




"Nike a subpar sports manufacturer has decided to back another looser, sad" 

Can I get my shrute bucks as an annuity?




Sup. I'm not sure exactly what it's all about since the groups involved (for example Black lives matter) don't really have a clear platform but I know for certain it has nothing to do with disrespecting the US flag, our troops, the constitution or anything dubbed the American way as claimed by organizations like the Fox News Network. Actuality come to think of it, our troops, our flag & constitution is a part of the foundation giving people like Kaeperneck the freedom to per say Kneel at a football game to bring attention to an issue.

&#x200B;

edit: whether we agree with that issue or not is another thing.




What rock have you been living under? He’s been rich AND famous for a while. 




[deleted]




He signed on and took the check, what do you mean?




It worked pretty well in the case of boycotting the NFL.  It cost the league a lot of money.




The NFL has made more money since this all started? Says who? Last I heard the league was hemorrhaging viewers, advertisers and merchandise sales. Quit spreading bullshit.




You heard it here first, folks. Nike is doomed!




Is it a political agenda? Or is it a human rights agenda?




Nah.  Jordan sales alone are astronomical.  




Nike isn't going anywhere. 




God forbid Nike supports something as "controversial" as racial equality and standing against police killing unarmed African Americans. 




Says the active member of the_donald




not fascist = leftist 




apparently. what's wrong with you Yanks?




I thought your country stands for freedom, but you can't get over someone who protests?




REEEEEEEEEEEEE
-you




Cue righty tears




cue upset trumpkin brigade from r/theDonald




strictly speaking from a product quality standpoint, you should not get nike running shoes.  your feet and knees will thank you if you go with another company like brooks




You don’t know what his point was? Then why are you wasting your time commenting? You are literally what’s wrong with this country.

Educate yourself.




The reason he did it was to educate you. 

Some people are happy to meander though life not caring a fuck about what kind of fucked-up injustices are happening to their fellow countrymen. Watch a game, maybe. Drink a beer...

Nobody's forcing you to watch anything. I recommend staring at a blank wall for the rest of your life if it makes you more comfortable. 





>The problem for me is...when I want to watch a fucking game I don't want to be forced into any sort of political debate. I don't even KNOW what his initial point was? Something about the police or indians or what? I DONT CARE. And I refuse to care when someone forces it down my throat. 

I agree. Fuck trump for making this a thing. Kap never talked about it unless he was asked. He just silently kneeled. But trump makes a big deal out of it because he’s bitter the NFL wouldn’t let him buy a team back in the 1980s. “Whaaaa, they won’t let me in the club”. Fuck that whiney bitch.




The only reason anyone knew Kaepernick was protesting is because a reporter noticed and asked him. He never made an announcement or spectacle of it. He protested peacefully. 

If you don't care that all races in this country are not treated the same and that cops have murdered unarmed African Americans without consequence, then it's very telling. 




Arguably the most ignorant comment I’ve seen.




Imagine being so divorced from reality and morality that your reaction to a company partnering with a non-violent civil-rights activist is to not buy their product. 




I'll buy 4 pairs instead of one now... Just made up for your stupid ass




Why not? Lost your feet?




It's amazing what dodging the draft, being loud  racist, sexist, moronic, pedophile, sexually assaulting women, talking about fucking your own daughter gets you as a white man.




Hmm, he's clearly said that he's using his platform to call attention to a serious problem in our society. Where I come from, that's respecting your country. It's odd that you feel comfortable singing "land of the free" while pretending someone's offensive for helping to make it so.




He kneeled during the Anthem, which if you actually read the Flag Code isn't considered disrespectful. You know what is disrespectful? Wearing the American flag. So remember that next time you go to the beach on the 4th of July and see all these people with the flag wrapped around their fat asses.

He originally sat during the Anthem at the beginning of his protests, until a vet told him that it was disrespectful to the flag to do so. Ever since he learned that, hes kneeled instead. 




The best way to respect the flag and country is to let someone express themselves in a peaceful manner. Trying to silence them is disrespectful too the flag, country and the troops who faught to protect our freedom.




Haha.  Jordan still makes a cool $100 mil a year from his brand alone.  Nike stock isn’t going anywhere.




Lol, why should he do that instead of focusing on domestic police brutality? Or are you implying that people who protest should protest everything you point your finger at?




Anyone who chooses to buy nike products solely on who nike's latest ads feature is, in my opinion, an idiot. 




No. It was always about who sells shoes. What are  Jordans stats over the last 10 years?




oh nooo that sucks for nike :)




Kaep made it to the super bowl, foh




if they don't give a shit, why would Nike lose sales over it? ps they won't




short the fuck out of nike tomorrow. /r/wallstreetbets probably having a field day.




"Believe in something. Even if it means sacrificing everything." is racist?




Wait, what does this have to do with the military? I missed that part.




> disrespecting our men and women fighting for our freedom everyday

1. There has been nothing about the military in his protests, so where do you come up with that bizarre suggestion?
2. Where and in what capacity has anyone fought to defend American freedom in the last half century?




I agree with the first part that they money may be better spent on community outreach programs, but he's not disrespecting people in the military. Don't believe that bunch of BS. 




The same people who say he disrespects our troops by kneeling are the same ones who called John McCain a traitor while supporting the guy who stood on a stage next to Putin and defended him while bashing our intel agencies.

Go ahead and throw your lot in with sippy cup Caligula rage tweeting on the commode. Real Americans choose McCain and free speech. 




He makes them think about race, which red hats feel is a burden only minorities should carry. 




Not all white people, tho.




Trust me, Nike has run the numbers and has determined they don't need you.




Stereotype much? I would never wear shitty shoes like that. I have standards.




Super weird choice of counter-example. Someone who was shot in the head by his own unit before meeting with Noam Chmosky to discuss his own disillusion with the war... and whose death was shrouded in controversy and institutional cover-up?




Don't worry. They won't miss you.




First part about not buying anymore Nike products whatever. Second, why influence others to hate something and going out of your way to do it, and why should they listen to you about it. Third, Leftists meh sure, Fascists No, Anti-American is wrong on so many levels (what about this is actually anti-American) they put a guy who kneeled during the national anthem during football games as a peaceful protest to the killings of black people across America, none of that seems “ANTI-AMERICAN”. Also if you think about it this is extremely American in my eyes a person who PEACEFULLY protested injustices by using the football field as a stage, and only did so to protest those injustices not to offend or insult anything else so they decided to put him on a poster. That is American.                             PS: My grammar mistakes are horrific I know

PS2: Nike probably won’t give two shits if they lose a little bit of money, this will reflect in many ways I know I can’t wait to see 




Don't they make shoes for your tiny feet?




"Wait! Please reconsider and buy Nike products. The company will die without you and this scathing Reddit comment has the entire company rethinking the campaign!" Signed: Literally nobody




What does the alt right have to do with anything? 




Don't forget to post pics of you destroying your Nike gear on social media! Time to OWN THE LIBS!




Yeah, Nike is really gonna hurt from losing the Trump supporting demographic here. That’s surely their target demographic. 




Do you really believe one of the largest apparel companies in the world didn't do their research on how their revenue will be affected by this decision? The "rage" that the right will claim over the next few days will be incomparable to the people who will support the company because of this decision. 




Lmao they will be just fine, if anything, strengthen their brand from this.
They ain't worried




Get back to your safe space, this isn't /r/t_d/




There's only one way for him to control who the pardon power passes on to.  His very own gay bashing golden parachute. 




BREAKING: Nike stocks plummet after u/Radiolotek announced that he will no longer buy their shoes. 




[deleted]




They've already tested the fallout from this decision and have determined their gains are worth it.




Nike's [marketing department](https://us-east-1.tchyn.io/snopes-production/uploads/images/crime/graphics/crybaby.jpg) right now because you won't be buying their shoes anymore




Buying nothing but Nike forever to cancel you out.




thank god. good job. Now I can run around in my Nikes without people assuming that I am a rascist cunt. Thank you for that.




They only make a shit ton of money per year anyways. Who are you again? 




Idk, supporting the freedom to peacefully protest seems pretty american to me




Do you support Trump?




A lot of Americans don’t care enough to vote, let alone boycott shoes. 




Nobody fucking cares.




>Honest question - what has kaep done besides kneel?  

Donated $1 million+ to inner city youth, among other things. 





Umm do research first. He’s raised millions on his own and gave back to he community (of his own money).

Seriously guys, research before making fools of yourselves. 




I know the names of approximately 3 quarterbacks. Actually, I forgot the other two.

I haven't bought Nike products in the last 20 years. Now I'm considering it.

I'm not affected by the issues that Kepernick is hi lighting, but I appreciate a man that speaks out against injustice, especially if it involves personal risk.

I'm not a religious man, but I do remember reading a similar story about a guy that got nailed to a tree for speaking out a while back. Seemed to affect a few people, too. 




WoN’t Be BuYiNg NiKeS




Wont have anyone caring ;)




Are you suggesting that he doesn’t vote? Or are you just being a moron? Fair question. 




I’m buying for both of us sweetie. 




That’s ok.  I suspect they will make up for the loss of your purchasing power.




Please stop trying to render the military superior to civil power. Y'all had a revolution against that. 




i mean you don't have to 




No thanks. I'd rather sit or kneel. Or not participate at all! 

But you know what? It's my right to do that.




I asked Dick’s how it’s going. [They said pretty good. ](https://nypost.com/2018/05/30/assault-rifle-ban-didnt-hurt-sales-at-dicks-sporting-goods/amp/)

Also, shareholders of Dick’s are doing pretty well, too. S&P is up 7.6% YTD (excluding dividends). Dick’s is up 26.9%. 

Since 2/28, when the assault rifle ban was announced at Dick’s along with raising the age to buy handguns increased, Dick’s is up 16.9% vs. 6.9% for S&P. 




> Keep alienating America

Yet Reddit Pro Tools shows you as being quite active in /r/t_d. Pot, meet kettle. 






It'll be awesome to know who is a racist by brands they don't sport. Saves time identifying who to avoid/not hire. 




Oh yeah, using what you've gained to help others is a really shitty thing to do.
/s




[removed]




You don’t sound like a nice person to work with 




Post history checks out.




Conservative and Trump supporters won't buy Nike. Liberal whites will support Nike even more. Stop saying "White People" when talking about Conservatives and Trump supporters. Just ask Papa Johns.





[removed]




He didn't bash our police. He bashed police brutality. You would do the same if you had a spine. 




We're all very proud of you for your brave decision to wear some other shitty shoe brand.




It isn’t surprising you’re a T_D poster.  Do you know why Kapernick was kneeling?  He kneeled because of the amount of police shootings of young black men.  The numbers aren’t a myth that black men are shot disproportionately more often then anyone else.  It’s why there’s paradigm shifts going on in most police departments. 

Maybe you should stop watching and reading misinformation that is conditioning you to believe this is a slight against police.  Our police need to change and if you don’t think so then you’re willingly ignorant and refuses to believe our police have a huge problem.




Delicious salt 




Bc he is a great person and impactful activist.

Kaep has donated $1 million and raised millions more to over 30 organizations to helping the under-privileged, at-risk youth, police reform, jobless, and more.

He’s volunteered, traveled to charity events across the country, donated, and raised money and awareness for those in need. 

All of this while knowing his professional career and financial future were insecure.

https://kaepernick7.com/million-dollar-pledge-recap/




[deleted]




 Lol, look at his advanced stats mr football. He went 3-16 in his last 19 games. He was well below average. 

 3-16 lol. 




So all 30 teams and owners are conspiring against him? Is that your implication?

I’m more of an MLB guy myself, thankfully politics don’t really seep into America’s Great Game




You forgot how to comment.




Well, for a start, he did this: [https://www.sbnation.com/2018/1/31/16935356/colin-kaepernick-donate-organizations-million-dollar-pledge-10-for-10](https://www.sbnation.com/2018/1/31/16935356/colin-kaepernick-donate-organizations-million-dollar-pledge-10-for-10)




Nobody cares if you're done with Nike. You're one guy who probably doesn't even wear Nike clothes. Nike is a multi-billion dollar company. You don't matter.






Aww you’re so angry...need a hug?




Lol yeah thats gonna happen to the sport with the highest tv ratings and still has record revenue.  




Oh so police brutality is no big deal to you? That’s the shit he is protesting. 




They're fed to the obedient.




I voted for Trump and I wear Nikes. What a stupid assumption. 




They buy them for their children, or used to if this causes them enough angst to boycott Nike.




They seem like they are doing ok.  Pretty sure they aren’t missing your business.  




Homophones? Isn’t that a grammar thing?




Wait if someone isn’t pro flag kneeling does that make them a Nazi fascist racist GOP misogynist homophone Xenophobe trumpette gun toting basement dweller?

I’ve always felt that there were better ways he could make strides for his cause. I think abusing the flag/anthem was a poor vehicle for the movement.

But I certainly don’t fit into any of the above. I despise trump. I didn’t vote for him. I don’t let his actions speak for me. But that does not put me in  the Nike camp.




Because he’s relevant. We live in the “attention economy” and he’s a winner. Trump is the ultimate attention whore that fuels all this. Put away your feelings. Attention is all that matters.




More people like Kap than Trump 




I like Kaepernick.




I like Kaepernick. 




Come on man, I know you're trying to help but you're making us look bad. 




Is that the creed you live by? Don't stand up, if it ends up costing you a career?

Very brave of you, sir couch warrior.




Got that right. Well said




Aww you don’t like the rights afforded him by the constitution as a citizen?  Cry about it.




You poor thing, how awful for you.




You don’t buy it. But colleges & sports teams do. They spend more on one season of clothing than you do in your entire life. 




we all know you arent going to but keep acting like a tuff guy.  




Those in other countries that have a higher opinion of African Americans.




Something tells me they won't miss you hitting the clearance rack at Sears once every 10 months. 




What is reason 4,652,434?




Somehow, I doubt the dude advocating for a white history month was a big Nike customer. 




Nothing more patriotic than taking millions of dollars from a company that uses child labor in the "not USA" part of the world.




please move to communist china




Spicy hot take




You know the troops fight and die for the right to protest yes? For, you know, freedom.

They often give their lives up to stop dictators and extreme nationalists killing their own people because that's what America is supposed to stand for.

Are you saying the men who gave their lives fighting the Nazis, on the basis that people should be free to express themselves without being controlled by the state,murderd or otherwise subjegated, would agree with you that people peacefully protesting against the American government are wrong and are traitors?

They fought and died precisely to protect America from anyone who might stop Americans from being able to do so in their own country.

*You* are the type of person they died to stop in Europe. You think they'd be happy seeing it happening at home?

You're an ignorant party first nationalist and they'd spin in their graves at the thought people like you are starting to control America through fucks like Trump.

You are the traitors being manipulated by the media playing to your fears. You people are on the wrong side of history. Of course you don't believe that and you'll dismiss what I'm saying, but everyone who was wrong in the past thought they were right. Difference is it's fucking obvious from the outside you are being manipulated. It's obvious because it's happened countless times in history and it's happening in exactly the same way again.

You're told obvious lies and don't question them.

You're told group X is the reason your life isn't perfect, so it's okay to hate them.

You're told anyone who doesn't agree with you is the enemy who wants to take away your freedom or wants to destroy your values.

You've got a leader supported by the media who is calling your own security services and politicians who don't support him liars, losers, or part of a conspiracy.

How you can't see what's going on is on the one hand mind-blowing but on the other textbook - it's how it's been done before.




He doesn't hate America though




It’s fine to not like what Nike is doing, but they are *far* more successful than adidas. 




You’re acting like Adidas doesn’t also have vocally liberal celebrities on their endorsement roster.





> Adidas 

Mesut Özil is one of their athletes and he is politically outspoken as well. 

Look, if you're a racist, don't be afraid to just say it. Don't be a coward. 





Far more successful in what way exactly?




Typical Russian troll.




Adidas is objectively not more successful than Nike. Is this one of those alternative facts that you guys love?




Have a cry




This has nothing to do with the armed forces, bud. Literally nothing. 

In fact, a green beret gave Kap the idea to kneel instead of sit. 




He's advocating for equity? Please explain. 




> Didn't he walk away from his multi-million dollar contract on one of the most storied NFL teams to find more money on another team only to fail in doing so? 

not exactly. he was being paid a ton of money, but was passed his prime and had no longer had the body to be relevant in the league. he had been benched with the backup qb taking over his job BEFORE he ever started kneeling.

sf was going to cut him, since he was going to be paid starter money to sit on the bench (and cutting him was going to be a small cap hit) but for various reasons kaep opted out of his contract rather than being cut.

he still didn't sacrifice anything. he wouldn't be playing in the nfl today even if he never kneeled.




>the right side of history,

You guys crack me up.




I'm sure Trump will be very sad when Nike's sales take a giant dump.  It's not like there aren't other shoe companies out there.




The list of ‘losers’ is getting longer




Quick. Print your ticket to Galt's gulch. Can't wait 'till we're rid of the fucking lot of you, and all we're left with is us losers.




Do you think they will really lose a lot of sales if they lose the nazi demo?




Because they realize those customers that are outraged are just brainwashed fools by the president or the right-wing media which is shown to co-opted this campaign that Kaepernick and other players started to talk about police brutality in this country and people turned it into a propaganda mill about hating the country and hating the flag which isn't true at all maybe you should get off your fucking  high horse and do some research - not be a dumb kid on the internet making stupid outlandish claims because you have no real interest in making America a good place, and have no real senseabilities and have no basis in reality. You're stuck in a fantasy world, you and the Dotard. 




Indeed, a lot of repugnant people are going to be upset.




>(and actually said he wouldn't kneel anymore)

https://www.snopes.com/fact-check/kaepernick-anthemk-stand-if-signed/




Don't think it is patriotism so much as political manipulation.




If only he knew how to throw a ball.




Make sure to post a video burning your Nike shoes! I'll love to see it!




Somebody's triggered.




[deleted]




[removed]




More like dinnerjacket hilariously trying to troll Trump who bites at low hanging fruit far too often for anyone in the executive branch.




Quite the wordsmith.




And yet he will be making wayyyy more money than you could ever dream of as long as he has a Nike sponsorship.  That must hurt.




[removed]




There you go, projecting again




He hasnt played in a few years and wasnt a great player the last few years he did play. There is a natural expiration date even for the greatest players, getting older sucks.




Triggered the President of the United States. Hilarious.




Are you a childhood friend of the Kaepernicks?




How is kneeling to protest police brutality not standing up for America?  Oh wait you’re conditioned to believe that way, I’m sorry.  




/r/ENLIGHTENEDCENTRISM




No one should believe in any particular right to the exclusion of others.  They can & do overlap and conflict, and there always needs to be a balancing of interest/risk.

What speech does the left oppose other than hate speech?




I dont think you know what free speech means.




Looks like somebody was paying attention.




What's important is that you've found a way to feel superior to both.




Lol what makes you think half of Nikes customer base even watches American football?




[removed]




Great strategy, alienate a huge portion of your target market.




Wow I can't wait to see other amazing posts by this user I wonder where- ah, yeah, r/The_Donald. Who could've guessed.




I'm sure they knew they were picking sides.




They can't even reign in their own players. You think they will try to take on Nike?




So you want taxpayers and finepayers gone. Don't you want America to get more funds to succeed 




The funny thing about your tired "joke" is that blacks are far, far more likely to be illiterate than even rural whites. 




Fortunately, the can't afford $200 Jordans unless they get them on layaway.




Who are you talking to?




yeah...Nike is going to need alot of help to keep afloat....




Wait what's going on with in and out




No it hasn't. Sports has ALWAYS involved politics and social injustice. 




Curt Flood?




Jackie Robinson?




Muhammad Ali?




Poor you.




Why? Just checked the after hours and it's steady. No decimation anywhere in sight.




Look out everyone, we got the Wolf of Wall Street here in the comments.  Sell now! 




Not necessarily. I'm sure a company the size and stature of Nike very carefully analyzed the business impact of using a controversial figure like Kaepernick as a spokesperson. They wouldn't have done it frivolously. 

They no doubt knew the decision would cost them a certain sector of customers. But must have concluded that the gains minus the losses would still be greater than choosing some boring middle of the road spokesperson.

They may be right, they may be wrong. We'll see.




Shouldn't you be reading up on the Pizzagate expanded universe or something?




They won't. Why would they?




I don't think you understand how over under works. 




Wow, so edgy.




You can't even spell controversial. Jesus Christ




[deleted]




Cool. I’m only buying Nike now. I guarantee you they are gonna make more money and not lose any. 




Good luck with that, you're going to have to avoid every form of Nike stimuli coming your way. If you see the swoop, your boycott will be unsuccessful.




Oh no, what will Nike do without your racist ass? 




[deleted]




[removed]




The US doesn't demand respect. Anyone who has to demand respect never deserved it.




[deleted]




Bending the knee is the utmost sign of respect. What do you do when someone's injured on the field? You kneel. When you pray? You kneel. When you get knighted and meet the Queen? You kneel




Kaepernick has donated to causes including (but not limited to) ones that address violence among inner-city youth. It's obvious you'd be whining no matter what.




>Most people would get fired. 

I guarantee no one here would be fired for kneeling during the national anthem at work. 






If you ever feel like you don't have your life together, spend 5 minutes in r/thegreatawakening and then reevaluate.




That entire comment thread is deleted. What did it say?




Shoutout to /r/negativewithgold




I'm going in




I need to quit doing that to myself. My girlfriend isn't white and it puts me in a bad state when i start thinking the nazis are winning. 




The thing is, of course he timed it carefully for maximum publicity. That's the whole point of a protest; it doesn't work if nobody knows about it. Unfortunately, that makes it easy to paint him as a money-grubbing opportunist, because if you're a public figure, publicity and money are intertwined. 




Yet no comparisons to Tim Tebow.




I don't think Sam ever made an NFL team though 




>That said, the theory that the kneeling was timed to make him a hot potato right as talks of cutting him were getting loud aren't completely insane.

No, they're just ignorant. Anyone who thought the 49ers didn't cut Kap because of potential bad PR related to the protests wasn't familiar with his contract situation. He was never going to be cut at the beginning of the season, it wouldn't have saved much money on the cap.

Likewise, the 49ers didn't play him until a) he was healthy and b) he had agreed to remove injury guarantees from his contract, indicating that he was going to be cut at the end of the season anyway (unless he balled out hard under Kelly).

Or, in other words, the protests didn't impact the 49ers' moves whatsoever.




He kills me in fantasy every year.




Unfortunately ima have to swoosh in here and correct your pun good sir




Thats a bold move by Nike. Like MJ said, everybody buys sneakers. But I'm sure they've thought this through and have prepared for boycotts. I approve

Edit: RIP my inbox. Based upon the responses I'm getting, it's looking like I was exactly right. Lots of opinions going both ways 




Can we start a protest movement to buy $200 Nikes and burn them to see who does it?




Except if Republicans boycott.  It’s a high risk strategy but very interesting.  Who was it that said there is no bad publicity? 

Dollars to donuts a Nike competitor goes with a patriotic ad theme. 




Lots of conservatives will inevitably trash and burn their Nike gear and buy more down the road when they forget about this controversy. They’re terrible at boycotting. See dumping French wine when they didn’t support the war. 




From the same agency that brought you [Trump baloney sandwiches](https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.adweek.com/creativity/wieden-kennedy-has-been-selling-donald-trumps-bs-out-food-truck-portland-174226/amp/)




If only we could see the market research which supported this.

Nike's brand value is built almost exclusively by African-American athletes. maybe men and women who wore their shoes in professional sports, appeared in the ads, and created the value of that swoosh in young white kids (like me) demanded they take a stand. Maybe they think they have an obligation to based on morality. Maybe it's shameless marketing. 

Regardless, I think supporting these protests is good. Good for them.




The NFL isn't showing the national anthem anymore. I wonder if it will still be a big issue this season.




Except the fact that their shares are down 3% after this ad campaign. Genius I tell you! I predict they will continue to drop. 




Michael Jordan: "Republicans buy sneakers too" (and I realize he changed his stance on it, but it's still a good quote)

I really don't think people should be cheering for corporations that should be apolitical getting political and pandering. That means not being upset when they're not on your side, whenever that happens, and tides do turn. Especially when Nike really doesn't give a shit and they're still making your shoes in China for like 10 cents.




Why specifically republicans? There’s a lot of people who don’t want to mix politics and sports




Nearly every company that decides to get "woke" almost always loses money from it. Alot of money.




Nice they set up this young man financially speaking.




There is no kneeling...teams stay in the locker room now and the anthem isn’t going to be televised anymore 




Sounds a lot smarter than the Adidas plan; 3 stripes and you're out. 




Nope. Tide ad. 




I mean, Nike is basically a marketing company that happens to sell a product, so yeah, they’re pretty good. 




Plus enough idiots will call for a boycott that a whole load of other idiots will buy Nike stuff to prove how woke/non-racist they are. Who wins? Nike. Means 'victory' after all. 




Great, now I know not to buy Nike products. I don't like politics in the products I buy.




Does that mean the NFL's marketing department is genius also? Answer is? Nope. NFL is losing millions because of this. [https://www.forbes.com/sites/jonathanberr/2018/08/28/the-nfls-ratings-probably-will-continue-to-decline/#5d0e829e6666](https://www.forbes.com/sites/jonathanberr/2018/08/28/the-nfls-ratings-probably-will-continue-to-decline/#5d0e829e6666)




Few news cycles? You mean all news cycles for quite some time. Nike has taken a stand and it seems like that they don’t subscribe to the “republicans buy shoes too” philosophy. 




-"one of the best quarterbacks in the league"

My sides.






good old armon jimmyjab




Well, nobody's really talking about the supposed intended subject with respect to why Kapernick kneeled.

The whole discussion has veered to whether kneeling during the national anthem is a form of disrespect and whether it should be a casually acceptable way to protest.




>Meh, it is hard to take anyone who argues against kneeling seriously at this point, when the criticism against it was taken over by a draft-dodger who doesn't know what the flag looks like, can't sing along to the anthem (or god bless america), openly disrespects war heroes and consistently treats memorial events for veterans as if they were campaign rallies...

Wait, how did we elect him again? Four years ago, this could have been the plot to a particularly absurd political satire. 




My dad and all his military friends are impossible to argue with. They just toss in the " unless he's buried a friend from war, he has no right to kneel" I don't even try anymore.




Not to mention uses memorial day to sell his own merchandise. 




Seriously, those are so good. And they keep for surprisingly long.




That they just bought from the store to prove their point. 




[That didn't take long.](https://twitter.com/johnrich/status/1036751396002050050?s=19)




RIP all the old white person air max 90s walking shoe 




I think Paul McCartney said something similar about people burning Beatles records, along the lines of someone asking if it made him upset and he replies 'No, they'll just have to buy them again.'




Genius and beautiful




It's the whole sub-plot of season 3 of Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt. They convince ask the NFL teams to change their names to stuff that'll piss off conservatives so they'll keep buying merch to burn. I believe the R*dskins change their name to the Washington Gun Takers. 




Washington Gun-Takers




Is that... Kimmy's cousin?




Also, this famous tweet by JK Rowling after someone wrote her that they're gonna burn all her books:
https://twitter.com/jk_rowling/status/826407039861653504?s=20




Ben Shapiro FLAMES liberals by lighting himself on fire 




Ready the ER, influx of idiots who didn't think to remove the item before setting fire to it.




That's a perfect metaphor for the past 2 years. 




why? Genuinely confused




Always. Never burn the pf flyers
They make you run faster and jump higher




Only if you can outrun the beast 




Those are New Balance. 





https://www.tedcruzforhumanpresident.com/

HUMAN TED CRUZ demands the schematics for those wheeled shoes forthwith!




Best to escape the feelys!




I actually found out about the child labor because of this stunt. It's very hypocritical of them 




I highly doubt anyone who burns or blows up things as a protest cares about those less fortunate than themselves




Doubt it will happen in this case but sponsorships always have clauses about creating harm/controversy. 

I forgot what they are called but is the kind that got Tiger et al dropped. The NFL will wait and see but guarantee you the lawyers are exploring legal options, were there a need to spring into action.

At the very least there have to be some NFL execs fuming at their NIKE counterparts, with whom they go fishing, drinking, etc for not giving them a heads up (assuming NIKE kept this from the NFL)




Have you seen trump’s body? Boy is thicccc




Ah yes, we have come full circle. 




Can you fit Nikes over bone spurs?




+1 for brilliant typo




I hate that I can believe this as a real tweet.




Drake said “Checks over Stripes that’s what we like”. HES AN ILLEGAL CANADIAN IMMIGRANT




more like 24-48 hours




I love when politicians don’t actually discredit the other person simply because they have a different ideal. It creates a fair and open dialogue for those listening to essentially pick a side that they agree with. 

All O’Rourke does is say that he respectfully disagrees then *gives his reasoning behind it* without fully disrespecting the other persons opinion on the subject. 

EDIT: spelling/grammatical errors 




Were you talking to me?




Not if you’re at Itchy and Scratchy Land Tijuana, that is. 




Robert - - > Roberto ('cause Texas) - - > Beto




Just like Bort.




Vet wasn’t on his team, was on the Seahawks if I remember correctly. Not that it really changes anything




People don't care about that unfortunately though. They see Kaepernick doing anything other than standing there, hand over heart, and they immediately make it out to be disrespectful to the highest degree. Doesn't matter if it's done to bring awareness to an issue, doesn't matter if the protest is non-violent and doesn't interfere with anyone's life in any way. Some people are going to see him as disrespecting the flag and everything it represents to them. 




And Reddit.




Indeed. I'm old enough to remember the movement in the '80s to amend the Constitution to make it illegal to burn or desecrate the Flag. (Let that sink in for a moment. They were talking about a Constitutional Amendment just for that.) But this was also a time when it was still possible for just about anyone to stand up and speak out without fear of being hunted down and shot for it. I wrote a letter to our paper of record saying that if such an Amendment was ratified, then I **must** burn the Flag, for it will no longer represent the freedoms it pretends to.

&#x200B;

I put on occasional Flag etiquette programmes, usually for groups of older people, and a lot of these people are conservatives of one stripe or another. Some of them remember WW2. At some point, the question inevitably comes up whether the Flag Code is actual law. I then explain that it is, but that it is not enforceable. I then have to explain that the Supreme Court found that enforcing the Flag Code would constitute a First Amendment violation. And more often than not, someone expresses dismay or (rarely) even outrage about that. I ask them, if it was lawful for the government to punish you for not following this set of rules that's complicated and esoteric enough that you've invited me to explain it, then what kind of liberty would that Flag represent? And it usually clicks for them at that point.

&#x200B;

This is one of the counter-intuitive things about liberty. Freedoms can be abused. But you must defend their abuse, or else you don't have them. And not just for people you agree with, but for **everyone**. If you can't defend it for people you despise, then who can you demand to defend it when **you're** attacked over it? After all, if you leave it up to mob rule or random public opinion to decide who's free and how much and when, then for practical purposes, **no one** is ever really free. Our commitment to principles and values and the liberties we preach are tested most acutely in those moments. And right now, an awful lot of Americans are failing that test.

&#x200B;




This is the right way to go about things you disagree with, and I thank you for that.

Even if it's uncomfortable, and we disagree, we can still come to understand something about one another. Cheers.




as a white guy I find it weird that we talk about 'violence in the black community' but we call white on white violence just plain old 'violence'. Why don't we talk about violence in the white community? 




What percentage of bridge collapses is acceptable? If you were to compare deaths due to bridge collapses as a percentage of total vehicular deaths that percentage would also be really low. Does that then make a high-casualty bridge collapse not a newsworthy event?
Point is, cops are, and should be, held to a higher standard. The way you frame the argument is statistically, and I would say intellectually, dishonest. The quote you highlighted states two separate, but related problems. We can walk and chew gum at the same time.




Yeah! Why hold police to a higher standard than gangs?! Oh wait... they are sworn to protect and serve




...the statistics show that it is very high. Is it higher than it used to be? No. But is it much higher than for other races? Yes. 




See the problem is statistics completely disprove the party's narrative, so they ignore them




They are, and always have been. To pretend anything else is willful ignorance of racial disparity in America. 




Black men make up 6% of the US population.

They make up 50% of the victims of police homicide.




Unfortunate you’re getting downvoted to oblivion but you’re right. The rate of wrongful police shootings of black men is at an all time low and declining. It’s just gotten way more attention than in the past thanks to cell phone video, 24 hour news cycle, etc. Not saying that the bad ones that do happen are okay, we just need some perspective. 




Take a knee whenever the hell you want to. Just like an NFL player should be able to. That's the beauty of this country. 




>Cadence

Was he reading something for the very first time off of a prompter?




And the guy who dodged the draft via fradulent medical records, a much more serous felony, should be president. Get out of here.




You mean the charge that got dismissed? According to a witness in the police report, he tried to leave but didn't. That doesn't sound like running from the cops to me. He was .03 over the legal limit and probably freaked out a bit. Also it happened 20 years ago when he was in his 20s. If we disregarded everyone from office that made mistakes, no one could run.




Can you provide a reputable source that states black men are not killed at a substantially higher ratio than white men in America?

Edit: Your post history is...disturbing. You are spending so very much time trying to prove that racism isn't a big deal in America and black people have just been whining since they were released from literal chains. I won't delete my comment, but I won't respond to those who don't argue in good faith.




When you're wrong about everything and hate yourself, be like Reddit user Dwn_Wth_Vwls and showcase it with pride!




What level would it have to reach before it got frightening for you?




You’re on Reddit and he’s got a D next on his name. Expect anything less?




[deleted]




+1 infinite for this. NB's are the only shoes that I have ever found to fit my feet. I like their subtle styling too. I haven't been able to fit into a pair of Nike's (even wide) since I was like 11. 




I’m dumb and don’t get the joke. Someone explain pls




I can't help that I'm built like a 6' hobbit




I'm fuckingb 4E!!! Its not fair God damn it. You knew how many damn shoes I have seen and liked. Unless I wanna buy 2 sizes bigger like a damn clown. 




Some advice from an older gentleman, when you find a pair of shoes, or pair of jeans, that you find super comfortable, buy a few extras. You will wear them til they fall apart but by then they won't make them any more. 




I remember years ago I started wearing New Balance because they were the only goddamn shoe I could find in the stores in narrow sizes. My feet are super narrow and it makes everything fit terribly.




Seriously, I feel like I'm in the early 00's with all these commenters saying NB's are old man shoes.




I don’t understand what this is trying to say?




No. NB sponsors a variety of elite athletes in many disciplines, including trail, track, and road running. But they have a track record of being good orthopedic shoes, and they come in extra-wide widths that many shoes do not.

Their road shoes don't do it for me, but I've been running in their trail shoes for years. Great shoes.




Low resolution, photoshopped pictures of women who aren't even naked. There's a sucker born every minute. 




you can also add [Fallon](https://twitter.com/jimmyfallon/status/1036747204734668801) and [Patton Oswalt](https://twitter.com/pattonoswalt/status/1036740159390138368) to the list.




Oh I’m saving this comment. This is glorious. The New Yorker deserves this. 




Yes, John Mulaney is a national treasure.




What fucking genius there decided to invite an unapologetic fascist in the first place?




John, Jack, Jim, Judd, and Jake just jumped from that jam. And also Bo.




props to mulaney. tolerate people who disagree in good faith, don't tolerate people trying to sabotage the conversation




Is Swearengin a name or a job description? Does he work in a kitchen? Never heard of the kid but I dig his name... 




Roxane Gray has been angrily tweeting about it all day and revoked an article she was currently writing for them 

I don't blame her, wth




Here is an [NYT article](https://www.nytimes.com/2018/09/03/arts/bannon-new-yorker-festival-remnick.html). 

Tl;dr The New Yorker made Bannon a headliner for their festival, intending for it to be a very tough interview. Celebrities dropped out of the festival and there was public outcry about giving Bannon a platform. The New Yorker cancelled the interview as a response to the backlash. 




Me too please




Did you see the first response to her? It’s hilarious.

>	WELL. I JUST STOPPED BUYING NIKES FOR A WHOLE LOT OF GRANDCHILDREN AND GREAT GRANDCHILDREN NOT TO MENTION ALL THE ADULTS WHO WEAR THEM. MAY NOT MAKE A DENT BUT IT SURE FELT GOOD ON THIS END.

I’m sure Nike is weeping over their future loss of sales from this person’s lineage.




>Replying to @TomiLahren

>WELL. I JUST STOPPED BUYING NIKES FOR A WHOLE LOT OF GRANDCHILDREN AND GREAT GRANDCHILDREN NOT TO MENTION ALL THE ADULTS WHO WEAR THEM. MAY NOT MAKE A DENT BUT IT SURE FELT GOOD ON THIS END.

Why do crazy people always write in all caps? 




God Damn. I hate this bitch. I know she’s not worth it but she’s such a fucking massive hypocrite and she doesn’t even own the fact that she’s racist but it’s pretty obvious just based on her reaction to the border, and her treatment of Alexandria Oscasio Cortez, and Colin K. 






Ugh I can't fucking stand the right saying "they hate America" about every liberal they dislike. Can we just start saying that about Tobi?




I don’t think she is, really. She’s generally hard-right but can’t stop trying to convince her hard-right base that they should be pro-choice like she apparently is. 




11B OEF Veteran checking in also.  Do not understand how I have been allegedly disrespected.




Ohh dear. Ok, what you guys don't know is that while you guys were away on your tours, your wives, children, siblings and parents have decided to be "your voice" and created an entire "Support the Troops" cult on your behalf so they can be hyper-sensitive, offended and speak like they've personally been on the battlefield--- all on your behalf.




I wish more people would realize you can serve in the military to help lower the cost of college. I’m on track to graduate in May and have had around 95% of my school paid for by the military. 

All for a five year contract. My friends who just graduated are gonna be paying off their debt in 10 years if they are proactive. 




>He’s not even protesting troops specifically.

To add to that, he's specifically NOT protesting the troops. That's why he started kneeling instead of sitting, he still wanted to show respect. 




Eh, you'd be surprised at how many military folks have cried over this. I heard nonstop bitching last year. 




Hey, if my choices are between a) a giant faceless international company with shitty ethics and b) a giant faceless international company with slightly less shitty ethics, you know I'm definitely gonna choose... whichever is cheaper, honestly.

There really isn't any ethical consumption under modern capitalism, your choices are basically shitty, marginally less shitty, and local. I try to shop/support local when possible but it isn't doable 100% especially with limited income.




[deleted]




> Actually Nike is an example of one company that made a lot of moves in the 90s to clean up its act and has done a good job at it since all the public backlash and it became he poster company for taking advantage of cheap international labor and loop holes.

The PR aspect of it yes. They cleaned things up for the most part on the production level, (although they still don't pay workers a living wage) but they've changed little when it comes to the other parts of the production chain. 




Can you share more about what you uncovered/learned?




\>  I have a feeling that nike's targeted demographic probably supports kap anyways.

There's a ***huge*** pile of money in southern sports teams - professional, college, and especially thousands of high schools - that Nike jeopardizes with this move.

I'm sure it's a calculated risk they're taking, i.e. they hope *more* of their target demographic might support Kap or not care, but it's a big risk nonetheless. A good chunk of  their current revenue stream will be unhappy with this campaign.




My cousins LOVE guns and god and trump AND Nike, I'm super excited to see how this shapes up!!




You might be right but I’m more used to seeing corporate straddling. 




But this apply to pretty much anything that people wear right? Beyond the luxury market?




Do provide a recent source on poor Nike working conditions.

That problem hasn't existed for sometime.

Edit: [Reference material.](https://www.businessinsider.com/how-nike-solved-its-sweatshop-problem-2013-5)

It may take awhile to get there, but I see effort being put forward to make a difference.




But on the real for a second, although us nerds/otakus/weebs have a reputation for being right-winged trolls in the mainstream rn, all the anime fans I know lean left-of-center. I really wonder what our demographics are




[deleted]




[deleted]




Trump wouldn't be believable as a cartoon, he sure isn't believable now. 




https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alt-right




A group consisting of Nazis and people I disagree with. Duh And therefore people I disagree with are as bad as if not worse than Nazis.




NEETs don't have money.




Big bellied person here... They don't.

Also, ouch.




I don't think words matter to them anymore.




Sure, that’s why they became Alt-Right / Nazis...

Not because [White supremacist Richard B. Spencer initially promoted the term in 2010 in reference to a movement centered on white nationalism.](https://www.npr.org/2016/11/27/503520811/the-white-nationalist-origins-of-the-term-alt-right-and-the-debate-around-it)

>RICHARD SPENCER: In some ways the alt-right is arbitrary. I mean, the whole point is that this is a movement of consciousness and identity for European people in the 21st century. That's what it is. If you don't like it, you can, you know, talk about linguistics.

Not because [they themselves give the Nazi salute and use “blood and soil” and “Sieg Heil” as a chant.](https://www.vox.com/2017/8/12/16138132/charlottesville-rally-brawl-nazi)

>A group of some 100 white nationalists marched on the University of Virginia campus in Charlottesville, VA, Friday night carrying tiki torches and chanting Nazi slogans including “Sieg heil” and “blood and soil” and giving the Nazi salute.




Good.

If being called names is what pushes them into being absolutely evil people, they weren't good people to begin with, thats how children work. 




>I am fortunate to have what scott adams calls, "fuck you" money. I say what I want. I am not rude or mean but certainly ask a lot of leading questions and set traps. Sometimes i see a light on inside but not often.

This is a really weird comment. Are you a condescending ass with a shocking lack of self awareness, hidden behind pride of being an "I am very smart" asshole?




Holy shit lol, did a Qanon follower just call my post "weird"?

I love you Internet.




Then why is r/all positively spammed with hate from the right for this announcement?




Skipping choosing between Trump and Hillary is one thing. But the election he specifically announced he didn't vote in, the November 2016 election in California, had two people of color running for senator. It 17 statewide measures to vote on, including ones regarding marijuana legalization and the death penalty, which have a potential to have a big impact on how minorities are treated in our justice system.

He has no excuse.




Representatives aren't the only choices to be made on the ballot. There were dozens of voting items in his state of California that specifically pertained to local and state laws. 




If that's his logic then he's absolutely idiotic. I despise this country's attitude towards voting.




And you can always cast a blank/faulty ballot. People can argue about the actual effect of that, but it's at least better than not showing up




It’s nice finding rational comments in shit storms like this 




Haven’t seen a coherent argument against it that isn’t “but muh troops”




Dont kneel in church




I was convinced too.




Nike Logic 




> Twitter, Facebook and Google censor Alex Jones, therefore net neutrality is a bad idea and censorship is a good idea.

This is a misconception. Net neutrality has nothing to do with what website operators allow to be posted on their websites. 




Dumbest thing I have ever read all day lol




You’re stupid if you think Alex Jones got removed because of no net neutrality rules




You have no idea what the term "net neutrality" means. You should fix that. 




> I'm ON the left

No you're not.

https://masstagger.com/user/HOOTSTHEOWL




politics is becoming more like sports every day. It literally doesn't matter what happens, just rooting for your side is all that matters. 




People can be happy with the actions of a person or corporation without it being an endorsement of everything that entity does. For example, being happy with a judge's ruling on a single issue does not equal happiness with their record.




A company can do something good while still being a historically shitty company. A single action doesn’t forgive and makeup for everything, but if we sit here and say that bad companies will always be bad then they will never have any desire to try and change. 




I think what you are boggled by is the norm. 




[Looks like we're already there.](https://twitter.com/CoreyPTownsend/status/1036762151409606657)




The problem is that people have twisted the original message into some sort of anti-military protest that pisses off Republicans




Lmao, swing by dicks sporting goods too to help them out.




Do you need shoes?

I've never understood this. By all means support whatever company you like but why buy something that that you don't need?

Real Question: does Nike still have children making their shoes?




The children that sewed them up are really grateful you’d stand for human rights! 




These days, the Right is the establishment. No matter if the majority of the country is behind him, voting patterns say differently. If the left actually showed up to vote, we'd have a vastly better country, representative of the majority of what people want, not just the worst 25-40% running things like they are now.




[deleted]




The media is much more interested to piggy-back on politics in sports much more than, say, the PGA.




Yeah, though temper that with the fact that Nike is a global company. So if Nike marketing thinks shitting on Trump is a good strategy, maybe it’s not sooo great in the US (until people wake the fuck up on Trump), but definitely good around the world.




It's about social justice, not politics.

And even if it was about politics, what evidence do you have for your claim?




And that must be why a businessman was elected to be President. It sure isn't hurting his business.




lol “politics is bad for business” 

As businesses get out their checkbooks to write checks to politicians (Favors). 




Then why the fuck do we have a "businessman" as president




So wrong




Politics is not bad for business. Political controversy *can be*. Look at lobbying. It’s literal politics and is very very good for some businesses. 




So you are saying the Nike people don’t know what they are doing?




Not necessarily. 

This is the formula you would need to apply:
Is the number of customers you would lose do to a boycott bigger than the number of new customers who would buy the product to show support PLUS the number of new customers who are indifferent to the politics, but hear about the product because of the controversy and decide to but for non-political reasons.

Unless you have incredibly high market share, you will probably gain more customers than you lose.




But it's not.




Not period. Its about promoting an identity. 




Time to test this little theory. We'll keep you posted.




Aren't you guys bitching about the In and Out boycott? What, are you gonna boycott Nike now?




Tell the to the queues outside chic fil a every time their owners speaks up against gay rights.




I’m downvoting this..




Jai alai.




You’re the only person to actually source your answer. Thank you. I’m buying my first pair tomorrow.




It is unethical to support a corporation that promotes modern day slavery. There are companies that use ethical practices to make their products.




[deleted]




> For her services, the company paid her $35, which, if adjusted for inflation for 2018, would be the value equivalent of about $217

> In September 1983, nearly three years after the company went public, Knight invited Davidson to a company lunch. There, he presented her with a diamond ring engraved with the Swoosh and an envelope filled with 500 shares of Nike stock (which have since split into 32,000 shares).[7] Of the gift, Davidson says, "this was something rather special for Phil to do, because I originally billed him and he paid that invoice."[1] 

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carolyn_Davidson




Pretty sure they paid her.




But but but social justice 




Nike higher ups are notorious assholes. Always have, always will. 




Unless you wanna signal that you're cool by wearing a swoosh, that shit'll cost ya




In oppressed countries. 




Liberals boycotting them in direct response to them donating 25k to the GOP. 




It's always interesting when conservatives try to pretend they care about workers when they call liberals bleeding heart snowflakes for trying to help anyone.




As an Indian, looking at my FB news feed, it is evident that there are a decent number of Trump supporters in India... I feel like a lot of people that like Modi identify with Trump's rhetoric




Why would they know this guy? 




Outside the English speaking world, almost no one knows who Colin Kaepernick is.

edit: Not sure why my comment seems to be so controversial around here.

Ask yourself if you know the names of the French football players who caused big political debates in the past. Can you name the two German footballers who were the subject of intense controversy this year, and what it was about?




It goes beyond gunning them down. If you don’t believe the criminal justice system is biased and it works in black poor communities, then you have been living under a rock. 




That’s where you’re wrong




you'd be surprised 




In Soviet Russia, shoes boycott you




They can, but they aren't Russian 




I don't know, they buy books. 




I think we know who the secretary of state is. Sheesh




Will do my dude.




For real. The double standards are insane. And to assume we don't like him because he's black is the stupidest thing I've ever heard.

*Rules for thee but not for meeeeee!*




You’re an asshole.




Its even more complicated in this situation. The NFL isnt making its money by having people play sports, it makes its money off merchandise and advertising. The players are more important than the outcomes (for the NFL). So when you have players go against the league, and what the advertisers want (no drama), you are being a bad employee, even if you were a great player.

Flip the situation, if a player did the nazi salute, they would be in even bigger trouble. So I think the NFL is in the right to force players to pledge or wait in the locker room, because at the end of the day, currently kneeling is hurting the NFL's brand, which is costing them money.




That’s not a complex question at all. You have a job and are working for someone who has policies that you agreed to when you took the job. If the employer believes your actions negatively affect the company or its image, they have every right to terminate you. If you using your freedom of speech or right to protest affects your work, you will be terminated. 

I really sometimes wonder how many people on this site actually have a job. You go to work to work, not use it as a platform to push your own agenda. 




>He did all of this while knowing his financial future in football was insecure.

Exactly. He made himself a controversial political figure **on purpose** not because he was willing to give up a promising career in football, but because **he realized his future was dim anyway**, so might as well use the spotlight to become (in)famous, so you can transition into a career as an actor or "woke" spokesman.

This Nike ad shows that corporations are willing to reward "wokeness" with lucrative endorsement deals. 

Claiming that he did all this as a "sacrifice" is laughable. He did it as an intentional, calculated selfish act. 

p.s. throwing some money at charity means jack shit. $1 million when you got paid $40 million translates into 2.5% of your income. That's like a guy who made $40k giving $1,000. Big fucking deal. 




“World news”. Pshaw! I’m in Australia btw! 

I remember the story now. It probably got one day of air time here because Trump is a celebrity and got annoyed. Other than that, zero fucks given. 




Low effort 




This would've gotten him arrested, but I believe that it would've had the intended affect. Take the money you would've given to the federal government through taxes and spend it on X organization with a statement saying that I refuse to give money to an organization that kills X number of innocent people. However, if you don't wanna get arrested you could still donate to X organization and speak up on the issue while encouraging your fans to donate. The latter wouldn't get as much coverage as the former though.




[removed]




[removed]




[removed]




[removed]




[removed]




[removed]




[removed]




Yeah who does he think he is? Doesn’t he know this thread is Colin circlejerk material only?




[removed]




He makes some valid points. I like this take.




[removed]




[removed]




[removed]




[removed]




[removed]




[removed]




[removed]




[removed]




[removed]




And here we go... Down more than 3% as soon as the bell rung. 

https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/nike-stock-price-colin-kaepernick-just-do-it-ads-2018-9-1027505866




We all know old white men prefer New Balance. 




At his top form he wasn't even all that. 49er fan here. 




But good point 




The same can be said about the United States




Packers are running Brett Hundley and Deshone Kizer as number 2 and 3. You can't tell me that the Packers wouldn't be better off with Kaepernick. 




https://www.forbes.com/sites/kurtbadenhausen/2018/04/30/nikes-lebron-james-is-the-nbas-best-selling-shoe-salesman/

"The performance basketball market, where shoes typically retail for at least $120, peaked at $1.3 billion in 2015 but fell 13.6% last year, says Powell. It is not just basketball struggling to move product, either. Performance categories are down across the board, without a single sport trending positively over the last three years."

Overall yes Nike is doing well.  I'm  addressing a segment of their business which is flagging.  Maybe this will help it.  




[removed]




As the president he can be involved in whatever discussion he wants.






His career was dying beforehand




>Failed is a bit much.

He was never the same after the NFCC vs the Seahawks. He never got a QBR above 50 in his final 2 seasons. 

He was at best a bench QB. That plus his distraction factor teams don't want that on their team.




But he turned down a contract from the Broncos... 




He was offered a contract and he turned it down. Look it up.




Examples like this are few and very far in between. America generally will take down dissent and very successfully though. So fuck America and everything it stands for.




He could have been too. But he turned it down. 




He was good in ‘12 but after and during ‘14 he was complete trash. He gave the 9ers a pretty crippling WLR. We got lucky with Garoppolo and I’m excited for ‘18 as we’ll finally have a good QB for the start of the season. 




Yeah he is a top 40 QB sure but what backup in NFL is allowed to have a controversy this big and be on a team still. Whatever take is on issue he was and is still a distraction.




He had a terrible time with the 49ers. A very terrible time. The problem is that they had no one to replace him so he looked good by comparison.




> His job. Hence "unemployed"

he didn't sacrifice that, he lost his starting job before he ever took a knee (and it was obvious he was going to be cut due to what he was being paid for a job he wasn't good at). he lost his job on his own without any of his nonsense.




Half the league sacrificed their job last saturday




Yep.  If you disagree about a millionaire pro athlete taking a shit on America you are a racist.





Narrator: *He doesn’t*




I'm not sure the starter part is true.  He had one good season, but he is heavily reliant on his running, which goes downhill every year.  I'm not sure he would still be a starter at this point.  But you are probably right that he is good enough to have a backup job.




Right, but a backup isn't worth the headache/media circus he'd bring with him.

It's the same judgment call NFL owners made with Tebow in 2012 or so.  If it wasn't wrong then, I can't see how it's wrong now. I have no problem with players kneeling, but am still able to look at the situation objectively and recognize this.  Strangely it seems like this is a pretty uncommon position to hold.




Rex Grossman




Brad Johnson and Trent Dilfer both actually won superbowls and theyre both average at best




Trent Dilfer WON a superbowl and I don't think there was a single starting QB in the league at the time worse than him.




Def has a place in the league but not good enough to warrant the headache 




If Nathan Peterman can be starting for the Bills, there's no reason why Kaep shouldn't at least be a 2nd QB on a team. 




He was declining




[deleted]




Absolutely not above average. He only played well when he had a good defense. Look at Blake freaking Bortles. That guy sucks and looked great last year.

Stop being delusional.




Above average would have got him a job. He fell off.




>Not rare for Black community. ICYMI

No, it is also incredibly rare for a black person to experience any kind of violence in a police encounter. What are you talking about?? 

>And why is protesting the National Anthem bad in and of itself?

As I said, I don't think it's bad if the cause has merit. I don't think the 'police brutality' has enough merit to warrant a movement.




And that’s why he’s not on a roster 

Too expensive due to vets minimums, divisive, and he can’t make a third down conversion. 




That seems like a really bad way to judge whether or not something is happening often or not, and on almost any other topic outside of racism where the brain dead feed, it wouldn't be considered a legitimate argument. 




But how many were “all those examples?”




He was cut because he wouldn’t renegotiate his contract. Now, kneeling may have played a part but it’s pure speculation at this point. 

That being said, he hasn’t signed a new contract because of kneeling. This is proven fact as many sources and even some people in the NFL using their names have said they wouldn’t sign him because of it. 




That is fair.   But it doesn’t mean that there was collusion to prevent him from being in the league.   He chose to reject the contracts. 




Ironic that calling something 'virtue signaling' is a form of virtue signaling.




Are you being micro aggressed my poor child?




> Nike just signed an eight year contract with the NFL.

yeah, it sucks. i was already hoping the nfl would kick nike the curb BEFORE they decided to sign that moron as a representative of their brand. the mesh was so much more breathable and the material was so much softer than the stretchy material nike uses.

my old reebok cam wake jersey is so much better than any of the crap materials they use in the current nike designs. hopefully the nfl has some kind of opt-out clause and goes back to reebock or gives under armor a shot.




He is the only one who has it all figured out!




20% is not minimal.  




That's still.. A lot




This is probly the best counter argument to anything I’ve said so far. Thank you. 

I don’t believe how he’s doing it is correct, but what you say hold very true. Touché good sir 




>Schnatter stepped down as CEO on January 1, 2018, after comments he made criticizing National Football League commissioner Roger Goodell for not doing anything about national anthem protests.
 
I am NOT and I repeat am NOT talking about his idiotic racist comments which is completely unrelated and happened over the summer!




Fair enough. 




New balance for me, the official shoe of the suburban dad.  They totally go with my cargo shorts




No I usually read the top ten posts and comment if I want to 

What’s your problem?




Sometimes principles are woth more than money. Have some fucking values, man.




Android, actually. If you want to call me out, be right.




I have to believe many people internationally have no idea about the moving parts of the debate.  Most people internationally I’ve ever met and talked to know nothing about American football and could maybe name 1 or 2 players (most named Tom Brady) so I have to imagine this is primarily a US targeted campaign 




He would talk to them honestly 




Yes but why do they kneel?




The league hasn’t lost money. They have bigger tv contracts. Ratings are down but total viewership is up. Streaming games doesn’t rate. So anybody who watches a game anywhere but tv doesn’t count in traditional ratings. The only reason the leagues contracts have gone up is because the networks are still selling ads. 

They haven’t lost $1. 




Not only protesting, but protesting *police brutality*. The right in my country have lost their damn minds.




When you're a right wing extremist everyone looks like a leftist to you

They lack perspective and self awareness

It doesn't occur to them that everyone looks like a leftist due to their own extreme views




You misunderstand. None of this is to do with the country, it's just to do with the cult of personality.

It's not about respecting The Office of the POTUS, if that were the case, then there would have been uproar at Trump's birth certificate fallacy. Was that not degrading to the President?

We're past the point of a genuine debate, Trump's word is gospel, but only temporarily. He'll soon contradict himself, again.




It’s a lot to take from a kneel too. 




And thus the marketing plan has succeeded. 

If you think Nike gives a shit about anyone other than shareholders, you're mistaken. But hey, go buy their shoes, I'm sure it will help racial inequality.




I assume talking loudly about how you like someone during a moment of silence for them can be thought of by some disrespectful  and respectful by others too. 




>The best way to respect the flag and country is to let someone express themselves in a peaceful manner.

Ill take fording a river to kill Hessians on Christmas any day of the week over this. 




Close. 

We should protect the right of people to do/say stupid things but that doesn't mean we have to support it. 

Kneel away but I won't be purchasing anything Nike.






> Lol, why should he do that instead of focusing on domestic police brutality?

~~Never said he had to, just that he should~~. "Things like this" refer to issues involving people that are the target of harsh *laws* that have few voices advocating for them. American police brutality has lots of voices protesting already and is already against the law. And Colin Kaepernick wasn't advocating for the victims of police brutality, has was advocating for black victims of police brutality. The aim should be to decrease tribalism, not increase it, as innocent as his intentions probably are.

>According to Rovell, Nike has been paying Kaepernick all along and "waiting for the right moment," which is now. Nike signed Kaepernick in 2011, but has not used him over the past two years. 

Less money in advocating against Sharia law.

>"We believe Colin is one of the most inspirational athletes of this generation, who has leveraged the power of sport to help move the world forward," Gino Fisanotti, Nike's vice president of brand for North America, told ESPN.

This statement from the Nike VP should really help the two women beaten in public for being gay. 

MLK's statement was good in that he advocated for all people, so why should we go backwards? All victims should be advocated for. Why would anyone have a problem with that? I'm just taking Kaepernick's advice:

>Kaepernick tweeted the ad which has the words, "Believe in something, even if it means sacrificing everything. #JustDoIt."

Luckily, thanks to Nike, Kaepernick doesn't have to sacrifice everything.

Edit: Strikeout section.





Damn dude you’re so much better and smarter then them 




Not like the people who wait hours before sneakers are released.  No, they wouldn't eat this shit up at all. /s




A true /r/wallstreetbets user would do the never pass up the chance to lose money




Because it doesn’t exist. Every single person who is upset don’t understand why he’s protesting no matter how many times you beat them over the head with the answer 




A man who chose to drop his less than once in lifetime career and enlist after 9/11, who lost his life while in active battle? Why at all is that weird? The circumstances in which he died does not change the fact that he made a real sacrifice that cost him literally "Everything".




Definitely not super weird.  You have a hard time thinking.




Yeah, I'm not sure he knows what the alt-right are.




asking questions is making a fool of myself?  nice




He doesnt vote, he has said so himself




He didn’t vote https://www.washingtonpost.com/sports/redskins/quarterback-colin-kaepernicks-refusal-to-vote-undermines-his-message/2016/11/12/92970d5e-a910-11e6-ba59-a7d93165c6d4_story.html?utm_term=.eb56f3bb731e




Our military fought off the NAZI's, our military fought the Japanese imperialist, our military fought for the ideals of freedom that transformed the world, our military fought to end slavery, our military fought off the North Korean dictatorship from taking over the entire peninsula. There is without a doubt a harmonious relationship between necessary military might that the US has consistently ended for the better and civil discourse and claiming that we can't honor that or ask for it to be honored because it would mean that being we aren't civil is disgusting and repugnant. He choose one of the only times he had to honor the troops to kneel that is something to disprove of especially considering the context of all the US has done and continues to do for the world. That is not taking away a civil right that is saying stand up or get off the field or I won't take part in this.




You killed the man




u/Cambionr is awful silent. 




Yeah, I do the hiring. Let’s not pretend you do. And of course I’m racist is your argument. Me, a Jewish guy with black brothers and sisters, an Asian step-sister, and some good ol’ fashioned white kids for fun. 

The guy is wrong. His statements are easily disprovable and his talent is mediocre at best. You support him because it’s an easy way to feel superior while doing nothing of value. 




Yea, I heard a cop was gonna shoot this minority but had a flashback of dudes kneeling and hugged him instead. Give me a break




Quit calling my house and harassing me!

Reported and blocked.




Maybe so, but I keep my political opinions to myself, unlike my co-worker.




I didn't realize caring about police brutality and police shooting of unarmed black men made you racist. I guess I don't watch enough Fox News




Oh that’s interesting. His socks of police as pigs certainly noted and drew attention to only the bad police. 




I have to go to Death Valley to get better salt




That’s because mainstream whiteness feels threatened by black masculinity, whereas black femininity only bunches the panties of white women. 




You don't care and I don't care that you don't. You're the type that I and countless others that are level-headed and clear thinking want to distance ourselves from. You make assumptions about my wardrobe without possibly knowing what's in it and are down with placing a label on a wide group without knowing their character. What's your stance on the pigs with police hat socks that Kaepernick wore for all to see, Mr. Clairvoyance?




I voted for Trump and have a fuck ton of Nikes. When I need new gym shoes I'll more that likely buy Nikes again. 




Fixed. Thanks!   :)




Stop worrying about what people think of you.





Shit the truth hurts




Don't like my opinion on the matter? Keep bitching about it.




Doesn't matter one Iotta to me.

I buy QUALITY!




People in other countries don't know who Colin Kaepernick is.  They don't even know the rules of American football.




[deleted]




Nope. I buy stuff that lasts longer than a month with continuous use. I'm not rich like you.




That’s a fair criticism. But at least he’s actually standing (kneeling) for something. You can’t solve all the worlds problems at once. His chosen cause is one he has had an impact on. Even if it’s not your preferred cause you can’t be mad because he’s trying to do some good. He’s done more than most in this sub I’m sure. 




Brilliantly put my dude. Thank god some of us have enough sense to recognize the road we’re going down.




How on earth is me liking Adidas more than Nike racist !?!??




Cry over what?




I know it doesn’t and I get that part. It was my knee jerk  reaction for Nike to word it they way they are




He wants white people shot.




....do you really need someone to explain the discrepancies in policing, sentencing and the prison industrial complex? It's a rather complex issue but it can basically be boiled down to cops are more aggressive when policing blacks and the legal system over penalizes blacks compared to whites. These discrepancies negatively affect the black community yet provide jobs and sources of income to largely white (often rural and unproductive) communities where prisons are located.

Again it's a complex issue but TLDR the criminal justice system reflects the biases that have been ingrained in American culture since the 3/5 clause was established.




Why wouldn't he have fought for his starter role? Seems like you're right that he was done and even he knew it.

Either way, not sure any of his acts or quality of play are worthy of a multi-million dollar campaign touting his "sacrifice".




Whens the last time conservatives have come out on top throughout history?

Slavery? Nope, went to the progressives  

Votes for women? Still nope  

Gay marriage? Im seeing a pattern here 




And I'm sure Nike will be very sad when Trumps time inevitably runs out. Its amazing to see fellow americans belittle a man standing up for obvious injustice in our country. Regardless if you disagree with him its his fundamental right to protest.




Repugnant because they have a different opinion about the flag than you?




I don’t want that but I would rather support others. 




I don’t even know what that’s supposed to mean. Why would I steal shoes?




[deleted]




I didn’t know know that. Thanks! Getting older really does suck :(




The national anthem doesn't stand for police brutality. Why protest one of the few good things left in this country?




"If you're not with us, you're against us!"
 
 - You




Damn, I didn't even know this was a sub. I was about to type that exact phrase in response to his post.




[deleted]




I'm not. That quote is.




They won't really have to.  Nike has to come to them for licensing rights.  They could easily make Nike's life harder.




Plus their stock is dropping, I got some money to spare so I don’t really care.




People were upset they made a political donation and talked about boycotting it and some people are upset at Nike for working Kap talking about boycotting lol. The endless cycle of fake outrage.




Remember when angry white Christians were going to destroy Starbucks by boycotting them and angry white men were going to detroy Disney by boycotting The Last Jedi?




It's ok the badmen can't hurt you anymore.




Does that surprise you ? 




You knew what it was you'll be ok




[deleted]




Are you okay with them using child labor in sweatshops? 






And kneeling is much better than sitting.  I think he 1000% has the right to kneel (or even sit).  But if his goal was to change police behavior with minorities, his protests have not done it.

What was his ultimate goal?  Attention on the situation or changing behavior to save lives?  I'd care more about saving lives than getting personal attention but I feel like Kaep is the opposite.




But not the right kind of attention.

I don't get or agree with his connection of the national anthem and police violence.




chinese bot *reeeeeeeee*




Ima get me some adidas Trump shoes like the Nike Obama shoes I had. 




Correct me if im wrong but isnt this the reason he knelt? Not for a sign of respect but to show that neither he nor colored people are not respected?

"I am not going to stand up to show pride in a flag for a country that oppresses black people and people of color," Kaepernick told NFL Media




[removed]




I think you are sheltered and naive




I'm going in.

Edit: Jesus Christ how horrifying.




It was a wall of text saying his Kap is a hypocrite because he isn’t kneeling for black on black violence in Chicago. 




Do you need me to send pizza, its been a while since we've heard from you




He started the protest during the 2016 preseason while rehabbing his shoulder. Not exactly a high-profile move. 




Curious, what did Tebow do that you are refering to? He has always been super in your face religious since at least his college days when he was considered maybe the best college player in the country. Unless there was something I am forgetting.




It's completely different when white people talk about fetuses, duh.




Tebow’s kneeling and religiousness was front and center during the brief high point of his career. 

Colin started when he got benched. 

There’s a difference clearly. 




He didn’t. Training camp for the Rams and practice squad for the Cowboys. He just wasn’t good enough.




I’m not a Kaepernick hater, but he was AWFUL prior to being benched by Chip Kelly his final season.  He could still scramble a bit but couldn’t throw for shit which had been a complaint against him for years.  I don’t think he was cut entirely for PR. 




The NFL plays murders, wife beaters, and dog fighters. To think that someone was cut for kneeling is hilarious. The only thing owners want is to win (therefore increasing profits). 




that is hurtful sir.




Maybe Nike is expecting boycotts to include people buying the shoes, then burning them similar to the keurig boycott.




From Nike's perspective, any boycotts are also ads.




Nike makes running shoes.

A bunch of overweight Nazis aren't buying running shoes.




Nike is also selling worldwide.  Every republican sale they lose, they will get more USA democratic buyer support, and the rest of the world will see them as standing up for something good.  Don't forget that the developed world thinks we have gone insane.

Also all press is good press.




Saw this headline and immediately looked to see how Nike stock has been over past year.  I’m thinking now is a good time to buy and only because I believe in what they’re doing. 




You know some fool will end up doing just that.




It's going to be under armor. I can see it now. Definitely will be doubling down on the USA themed clothing that seems to be popular with the military crowd. 




Wanna bet me a donut that addidas goes all in with a 1940s throwback campaign?




I mean Adidas, Nike’s biggest competitor, is a German company. Maaaybe New Balance tries it but I don’t know if they want to loose street cred by associating themselves with ultra-patriotic White America. 




Nike's strongest competitor is Adidas, they're pretty hip with the young and hiphop crowd, I doub't they'll run a patriot theme.




What gets me is when you bring up how stupid our freedom fries anti french temper tantrum was some conservatives still say it was justified cause they didn't help us with Iraq. But when you point out that France was right and the Bush administration lied, they just get that deer in the headlights look.




And they'll regain it longer term.




Why do corporations need to be apolitical? 




I have every right to be upset if a company stands on the wrong side of an issue and praise them when they're on the right side.

"But it's just your opinion." 

Nah, tons of issues are pretty clear cut.

If Nike decides to promote flat Earth theory and backs the idea that vaccines cause autism, I'll boo them. If they find a cure for cancer I'll cheer them. 




Would you be saying the same thing if Nike supported MLK back in the day when conservatives hated him?




We already know that corporations with right wing ownership won’t be apolitical. Hell, Hobby Lobby sued to have the birth control mandate overturned.  Our Supreme Court has decided corporations have the same Free Speech rights as humans. The ship has sailed on apoliticality, and the right has been lobbying and flexing corporate muscle to influence politics for decades. The left may as well do so too. 




corporations don't need to be apolitical. Maybe you believe business would be best if they are but plenty have different strategies. 

Chick a Fillet
Hobby Lobby 

Google gave away premium software for fucking free. A different strategy as well. Against modern practice.




> making your shoes in  ~~China~~ 

death trap sweat shop factories 




Nike knows their customer base better than we do. I'll bet you anything they took a look at the potential damage this stance would do and they said "fuck it, it'll be worthwhile".

The only ones that are going to be pissed off about this are racist assholes. Everyone else won't give a shit or will support the move 




Businesses are out to make money. Everyone knows that. 

Being inclusive and progressive, even if it's a front, will get MORE people on their side... bringing them more, you guessed it, money. 

We all know what they're doing. 
You're not opening anyone's eyes. 




What a surprise; just like every time it comes up on reddit, the comment pretending to be "apolitical" and treating both sides as if they're the same comes from someone who posts on r/the_donald.

Two days ago you were talking about how much you liked it when Kanye supported Trump. Fuck off with your fake impartiality.




>corporations that should be apolitical

Why should they, exactly?




Per Masstagger, you're a r/the_donald [regular](https://masstagger.com/user/DEMOLOITION). Your idea of "pandering" is "anything that doesn't make Trump look good."




pretty sure ,in the long run, the GOP will have to disassociate itself from Trump.

First in on GOP politicians denying they shared Trump views and "we used him to cut your taxes"




There is little to show that is an actual MJ quote, and it is more likely a sarcastic musing about his apoliticalness that got attributed to him




apoliticism is tacit support for the status quo.




Nike uses "inspirational stories" for marketing all the time. I think it's great if a good cause can get extra publicity and a company can bolster their image at the same time. Sure, the company probably (in Nike's case definitely) is just doing it to make money, but at least the cause is getting attention.

I think it's much more damaging to say a company should never associate with anything "controversial". Some small, very loud population gets to declare something is impolite to talk about? When is it okay for companies to start using gay or interracial couples for their ads like they're real human beings? People still get upset about that, but they were making very loud noises well past the time it was obvious that was the wrong side of the issue.

You're right, a majority of NFL fans think his kneeling protest was inappropriate, but that does't translate into a large part of the population being upset at his cause. Colin himself hasn't been kneeling for a while now. He's out being active for his foundation, largely raising money for charities.

https://www.forbes.com/sites/jerrybarca/2018/02/01/colin-kaepernick-not-stopping-donations-roll-past-1-million/

I suspect if Nike has a brain, they'll be focusing on that aspect of his activism. I think it's true only "racists and assholes" will be upset about *that*. And being featured will likely bolster the profile of his foundation and the charities he's supporting.




> I really don't think people should be cheering for corporations that should be apolitical getting political and pandering. 

You know, some corporations are run by *human beings* (gasp) who want to do the right thing.

Apple, Microsoft, Google, Facebook, JP Morgan, Office Depot, Coco-Cola, Pepsi and Starbucks, to name just a few companies whose products everyone knows, have all poured money and legal resources behind the scenes into supporting marriage equality and anti-discrimination laws, because it's good for their employees, their customers, and society in general. As far as I know, these efforts were not widely publicized, so it would be hard to describe it as pandering (which implies hypocrisy or insincerity).




Democrats aren't going to NFL games just so that they can leave in disgust when a few player kneel.

If Republicans would stop making a stink about it the whole affair would've died down to nothing last year.




That doesn't mean that politicians weren't going to make a fuss about it.

I'll bet you $100 that Trump had a tweet queued up that said something to the effect of "The cowards at the NFL don't have the courage to play the anthem on TV because they can't control their players. Fire their asses!"






The NFL was losing viewers BEFORE the kneeling thing ever came about. Goodell is a shit commissioner and was fucking things up on things like player safety and the domestic violence issue. This didn't help but it's not like players kneeling killed the NFL.




Maybe he just watched his games against the Packers :(




As someone who doesn't watch football, is he terrible?




alternative facts 




What I find amazing is how our society is repeating lessons it should have already learned. Like, for instance, a 1960s poll where the majority of Americans said they thought the Civil Rights protestors were hurting their cause by being disrespectful in their protests.




Yep, that's a good point. It's almost like kneeling has become a form of protest for its own sake now thanks to foaming at the mouth nationalists who believe it should be a crime to disrespect the flag. 




Because somehow he got people to believe Hilary was worse than those things above. 




The systematic removal of millions of minority (thus likely Democrat) voters from registration rolls over the course of several years, combined with a historic joint psy-ops campaign between the Republican Party and a hostile foreign nation.




Because the minute he started running, everyone acted like it was in the bag. A month before the election, yahoo was printing stories that he had given up the campaign because he had no chance. There was no debate from the left, only memes about how nobody from the right should even get an opinion. So the left was complacent, and the right was pissed off enough to go vote. The campaigns swayed the right spots for electoral votes, and there we go. 




"They can do whatever the fuck they want with them.. They bought them motherfuckers."




Buying a $200 pair of sneakers and then destroying them to own the libs 




[deleted]




My favorite part of jersey burning etc. is that thought. I like the NFL and Kap in particular, but I don’t have the money to buy a jersey I want to wear, let alone a jersey I want to just burn. Idiots

Edit: added idiots. 




Like when JK Rowling revealed Dumbledore's sexuality and a bunch of people said they're burning their Harry Potter books. She said go ahead, because she already had her money.




I used to work CS for a major video game publisher, and the amount of times people would threaten to snap their disk. So the fuck what? That just means you’re out $60 that you could’ve made some money back on, and now I don’t have to deal with you anymore either.  Snap away. 




Jacksonville Hillarys




Or who breathe in too many vapors from burning rubber. That shit can't be healthy.




Can we convince them to fill their fire extinguishers with gasoline first?




Sarcasm. He’s not gonna burn them, he’s gonna wear them, and is saying his size.




Something, something, the sultan of swat?




FOrEvERRRR  

foReVeRRRR




Pickle the beast




What about Buddhists who burn themselves as a protest?




I saw something in an article where Nike stated that, since Colin isn't currently signed to any NFL team, they didn't feel they needed to let the NFL know. Which is basically the marketing equivalent of 'you wanted it shoulda put a ring on it'.




He’s like, 20 years bloated past the point of death. 




Please, *thiccness* implies that one has some enjoyable curves. The man has refrigerator body, and mind to match




/r/AbsoluteUnits




You may not like it, but this is the ideal male body.  ^^\s




I don’t see what Donald trump’s body type has to do with this 




I love when politicians actually answer a question instead of beating around the bush or riding the fence. It's nice to see when someone actually stands for something instead of trying to be for everything.




Also, he reframes the arguement back to what it should be about, rather than the inaccurate claim that the kneelers are doing so to "disrespect the flag" or "dishonor the troops". A lot of this argument is simply people talking past each other - one side talking about the lack of police accountability and other talking about patriotism and honoring veterans. If people were able to discuss the actual issue at hand they will be closer to a resolution.




I believe you meant “fully respecting the other persons opinion”




My son is also named bort. 




Simpsons creator, Matt Groening retires from the Simpsons, gives show to McElroy brothers. “They’re better at Bart than I am,” he admits.




Yeah Nate Boyer. Green Beret* and then long snapper for Texas and then drafted by the Patriots 




The complete negative overreaction is what gets me. It's makes no sense to be THAT angry at Kap










[deleted]




Not true. The stats are misleading. Simply being "unarmed" isn't enough information to form a proper conclusion. The vast majority of the cases involving cops are a result of the guy resisting arrest, violently, and eventually being killed as a result. Not every time, but most of the time that's the case. But all you ever hear is "cops killed an unarmed black man" which is not nearly enough information to be thorough, but just enough to enrage the readers - which is exactly what the writer wants.




“Surprising New Evidence Shows Bias in Police Use of Force but Not in Shootings”

https://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/12/upshot/surprising-new-evidence-shows-bias-in-police-use-of-force-but-not-in-shootings.html




That’s a misleading statistic




“Surprising New Evidence Shows Bias in Police Use of Force but Not in Shootings“

https://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/12/upshot/surprising-new-evidence-shows-bias-in-police-use-of-force-but-not-in-shootings.html





How much of crime to they make up?




How much of that 50% is unjustified vs justified?




They also make up nearly 50% of known murderers. 




The NFL has the right to create its own rules surrounding this issue and fine or remove players who don't conform. They also have the right to not hire someone for any reason.




Here you go.  20 unarmed black deaths vs 31 unarmed white deaths last year.

https://www.washingtonpost.com/graphics/national/police-shootings-2017/

Not arguing in good faith?  I answered your question exactly.  If you want to talk about any of it reasonably, I'm open to a conversation about facts.




When you can't debate your own stance with reasoning, be like Reddit user fr0z3nf1r3 and use personal attacks instead.




More than 1.  Which is what is was last year.




when I sold shoes I sold the heck out of those 624s. Always was the same type of guy and occasional women, but they swore by them; some even buying two pairs at a time. 




I think with the scare-quotes on the word wide he was calling people who wear new balances fat. 




I switched to Altras for this reason, nice not to have my feet cramped in a shoe all day. 




Pretty sure it's implying they are fat.




13 4E, here.

I started wearing New Balance in high school because they were the only brand I could find that fit.

There are some other brands out there that make my size now, but they're usually more expensive so I just stick with NB.






I found a solid color t-shirt that I like which has a specific fabric blend that I can't seem to find in other brands. I have at least 40 of them in unopened packages in my closet now. Same goes for my favorite pants and shorts, but in smaller numbers. This is good advice.




It’s funny the older I get I just find myself wearing my hiking shoes all the time. For the durability and comfort . Style has been taking a back burner for a while now 




This is some good advice that I haven’t thought about before. Thanks!




Also, if you swap which pair of shoes you wear every day, they will last MUCH longer.




A few years ago they were, but they’re pretty hip now — I see loads of teens rocking them, to which they look great




I don't even know who we're supposed to be making fun of anymore!?!




[Boots Riley as well](https://twitter.com/BootsRiley/status/1036748643745685504?s=19)




Why the fuck did they want him in the first place??




I still nearly piss myself listening to his Salt and Pepper Diner standup.





You're my hero. Saved me a google. I'll never forget you 




Just commenting in hopes that someone helps us all out.




I just don't get how she has as large as a platform as she does. She has literally zero qualifications. 




Lol.  She is an entertainer.  She gets paid a lot of money to make you mad.  If you stopped getting mad and stopped paying attention, she would disappear quicker than she appeared.




Marine veteran here. I was at a family get together and this came up with everyone bitching about "leave the country if you don't like it" and "disrespecting veterans". So I just casually said "everyone here who is a veteran, raise your hand!" Just me.   

*It ain't disrespecting me, so everyone shut the hell up.*  

Also, veterans served and died protecting **freedoms**, such as disrespecting the flag if someone wants to. 




21W Global War on Terrorism Service Medal awarded vet here.  
I’m straight.




11A OEF and OIR Vet.... don't feel disrespected either. 




Many of my friends I grew up with did reserves. It’s a great way to not only gain a sense of belonging and worth, but also further your education. 

I think our country would be much better off if people at least served 2 years of service. That way many more people could pursue Bachelors degrees and strengthen our country from the inside. 




Small local businesses can exploit their employees too. Eating ass is the only ethical consumption under late capitalism, imo.




> (although they still don't pay workers a living wage)

Nike don't own facilities... they collaborate with a number of local manufacturers.




http://mallenbaker.net/article/clear-reflection/nike-and-child-labour-how-it-went-from-laggard-to-leader

https://www.businessinsider.com/how-nike-solved-its-sweatshop-problem-2013-5





That's true. I'm pretty cynical so I just assume they think this is gonna be overall good for them but who knows. 




even in the luxury market




Yes. All of our clothes are made this way. People just don't like to think about it.




Even in the 'luxury' market, you've got to go out of your way to find ethically-sourced clothing.




Probably varied, like most things are. I was originally surprised at the "right wingers are anime fans thing" until I realized that all the pics you see of the trumpies are neckbeards and suddenly it made sense.




Do people really think the weebs that are into traps are anti lgbtq?




Not all Republicans are Nazis but all Nazis are Republicans. 




I mean, Republicans and Trump supporters are literally voting for literal Nazis...
https://www.cnbc.com/2018/03/21/neo-nazi-wins-republican-nomination-for-illinois-congressional-seat-.html




When right wing conservatives are the only ones who sport Swastika tattoos, then they're nazis 




Meh, trump has repeatedly failed to unequivocally condemn white supremacist/nazi fringe that vehemently supports him despite numerous tweets/statements from those groups thanking trump for statements/actions they appreciate.

Pretty damning statement when a president is concerned about the political ramifications for calling out nazis and white supremacists... 




*Expecting* downvotes??

You are one bad dude




Wow you seem awfully defensive, I wonder why that is. 




> Lmao people just love equating rednecks/trump supporters to actual Nazis.

The line has been getting rather blurry as of late




[removed]




This is the latest trope from the alt-right - "jeez, actual nazis! much hyperbole [eyeroll]. Like all the other defenses against being called 'racists', this one fails. No one is calling 'rednecks' members of Germany's 1933 political party. It's the generic term for the EXACT same mindset. We are trying to get you to see reality before *y'all* bring ruin to this nation the way German right wing racists brought down Germany. I was respectful and downvoted your comment per your request. Consider it an olive branch.




If you think Nazi = actually carrying out geonocide and nothing else, you don't understand what the Nazi's were.

nationalism? Check

Blaming foreigners and other races, and if not advocating outright racism, not condemning it? Check

Putting foreigners in camps, separating them from their children? Check (although, no,not killing them)

Lying about other races and or religions to scare people? Check

Outright lying, when it's clearly provable you are, but not caring because it gets people riled up? Check

Ouyright threatening other countries with war? Check





My man, you don't argue with people on the Internet by going back and editing your original post to make it 3x its original size.




[removed]




Except that the left wing ideology currently is closer to fascism than the right win ideology....  I say that as a centralist. 




People who disagree with kneeling during the national anthem like pedophile anime?

Ok I guess that's enough "politics according to Reddit" for one day.




So those criticizing Nike are exclusively ethno-nationalists? 




Yeah, well you know what guys who have Nike contracts can't do? Experience the joy of growing a beer belly. Game set and match, you.




That's like saying all Muslims are terrorists because of the actions of a few mentally ill and disenfranchised young men. Not everyone who disagrees with kneeling at football games is "alt-right". However labeling them as such may lead to them becoming so. Labeling theory is real.




no, he said "wierd"




that's confirmation bias. You're not remembering the day after day nonsense that is spammed by the left. But one day from the right changes that entire paradigm?




Right. In 2016 we voted to legalize marijuana which can help his black brothers and sisters in the justice system, for instance. 




I would say that’s a disingenuous statement.  My parents don’t say anything about it, but they aren’t really happy about the kneeling, and I’ll give you their reasons.

1. These guys are millionaires playing a sport for millions of people.  America gave them the opportunity to succeed to astounding heights.  Yes, it has problems, but you should still show honor to the country that allowed you to be in this position.  

2.  There don’t seem to be any defined goals for the protesters.  Correct me if I’m wrong, but has Kaepernik put out anything that clarifies what needs to change for him to call off the protests?  During the Civil Rights Movement, protesters did things like walks and sit-ins to protest specific laws, and stopped their protests when those laws were struck down.  Does Kaepernik want body cams on all police officers?  Does he want to get rid of mandatory minimums?  As far as I know, their aims are just “improve the treatment of black people in America”.  Obviously, that’s a worthwhile and important goal, but steps are needed to get there.  Does this protest serve to push for any step?

So yeah, those are the two reasons my parents are against the kneeling.  Now, personally, despite my agreement with both of these points I support the protests.  Yes, America is great and has given these guys an opportunity to be incredibly wealthy and famous, but it also has serious issues with systemic racism, particularly within the justice system, that need to be addressed.  Kneeling during the anthem may be seen by many as dissing the country that allowed them to be powerful, but it wouldn’t be much of a protest if they didn’t protest in a very public manner, and it wouldn’t be symbolic of their frustrations with this country if it didn’t occur during a time in which they were supposed to show reverence for it.  

All that being said, I think it’s important for the protesters to accomplish something with their protest.  If this just eventually fizzles, with no change occurring, then I would view it as a failure.  I also think it’s important that Kaep show that he’s not in this for the money.  If I were Colin, I would donate the Nike money to some organization that is fighting for civil rights or justice reform.  That’s easy for me to say, I know, but I think it would be a great PR move, and would win a lot of people over and show that’s he’s genuine in his convictions.  




a lot of people dive off into "They're employees and it looks bad for their employer"

no me, but people 




My grandfather fought and nearly died with the 101st in Vietnam. My great-grandfather served in the Pacific theater in WWII. Both of them respect Kap for standing up for his beliefs.




I've got one. How about don't shove your politics into something that is supposed to be a recreational and fun activity for fans. The only racism on Sundays at noon is in the form of jersey color. It doesn't matter if you're black, Latino, or white. Fans love the color of the jersey you're wearing more than the color of your skin. Fans pour in from all over the country to watch *their team* try and beat the other team. Shoving social/political issues into our faces during an event people paid to be at, where the only social issue I want to ponder is why they didn't punch it in on 4th and goal from the one.

I can tell you that if a subcontractor of mine tried to make me stand and recite the pledge of allegiance each time I walked onto a jobsite, they wouldn't be my subcontractor for long. That being said, if a client WANTS me to stand for the national anthem once a week before a task, sure, he writes the paychecks, I'll go through the motions. 




Don’t forget that it’s a privately owned company. The right cries for privately owned companies being able to do what they want but as soon as it turns on them it’s an issue (SHS being denied and Alex Jones being banned). Not to mention what Alex Jones’ posts on social media is just downright DANGEROUS and malicious. First Amendment of Free Speech only goes so far and for good reason. 




What an amazing tool used to make generalizations even easier. 




Do you know what he said in those subreddits?

Someone tried to pull the same thing with me recently, to pretty much just straw man my argument, just think it’s a weird way to argue.




I just searched my own name there and H3H3 is considered a hate subreddit what?




The right twisted the message to piss off the right.




http://mallenbaker.net/article/clear-reflection/nike-and-child-labour-how-it-went-from-laggard-to-leader

maybe not

but conditions are probably still shit even if its not children doing this anymore

https://qz.com/1042298/nike-is-facing-a-new-wave-of-anti-sweatshop-protests/





More people voted for Hillary than Trump




Social justice is part of politics dude




He said period. Period.




>social justice

Aren't their shoes made by Asian children who work for pennies an hour?




It doesn’t matter if it’s about politics or not (it is), so long as it is perceived to be about politics.  This is extremely bad for businesses, esp. ones focused on sales; you basically shotgun half or more of your target audience.




Social justice = politics. 




This guy was wearing socks with pigs in police uniforms. It's a terrible example to set for young kids. 

Evidence? It's common sense. Just stay out of politics. It alienates half of your customer base because the country is so divided. Why even take that chance. 




How is your 401k doing? Do you even have one?




Business and politics shouldn't mix. Same for campaign donations. It's as bad as religion in school. 




Explain the $4B haircut to the NKE market cap today... is that good for business?




I'm not concerned with that. I'm just making a point, politics is bad for business. In n out didn't fare well either. They alienated 50% of their customers. Businesses shouldn't even be allowed to donate to politicians. No reason whatsoever that politicians need $1B in campaign contributions. 




Maybe we can get to -500. I see reddit is very triggered. But who would have guessed from a bunch of bigots?




Get any of the react models. Or the Pegasus turbos. Thank me later




I haven't eaten In-n-Out in 15+ years. I boycott them because I get the runs after I eat their food. 




Because the little guy who stands up to American hate is big news around the world.  Trump hates him so the rest of the world like this kneeling American Football player. 

I couldn’t tell you the name of a single American footballer apart from Kaepernick.  He is bigger than a game watched only by American jocks. 




Well it's already at the top of a major international subreddit for one. The rest of the world is more aware of the race debates in the US than you think, and this story has been international news since last year. They may not know much more about Kaepernick than that he's a US football player who Donald Trump hates, but that's all they need to know for Nike to take advantage of it.




Ozil and Gundogan, Ozil is way bigger than Colin so this was easy. Also was about meeting Erdogan. Was a scape goat for the Germans shit performance at the world cup.

&#x200B;

&#x200B;




While my position is the same as yours it IS more complicated than that.

I sincerely doubt the player contracts specifically state they must stand for the anthem. They probably have an image or morality clause. Whether or not this violates that is pretty complicated.




For what it's worth, Colin has donated a ton of money to charity. [Here's a list of donations Colin Kaepernick has made to charities.](https://www.ninersnation.com/2018/1/31/16956016/colin-kaepernick-donations-full-list-of-organizations-one-million-dollars)

People would rather talk about whether he respects the flag or not.  He tried to start a conversation about the issues, but people don't want to acknowledge that. They just wanna talk about a flag. Nevermind the fact that kneeling is hardly disrespectful, IMO.




[removed]




[removed]




[removed]




[removed]




[removed]




Every thread you don’t agree with is a circle jerk. 




In this thread, you are part of the main attraction.




Right? Like that somehow makes his unsubtantiated claims considered fact. 




He donated to each of the problems this guy brought up to try and combat them, yet he still seems to find fault with him. You are clearly clueless too. Good response though shows a high level of critical thinking.




> This guy is spot on.

Not on reddit he's not. Know your audience, man.




[removed]




[removed]




[deleted]




But why are you addressing a segment that is not relevant to this particular story? 

And are we really going to quibble over a segment of their portfolio that didn’t meet expectations within a 10% margin?  




Of course, but neither the campaign nor the controversy is about Trump. It's about the NFL and a player. The fact that Trump is mentioned by anyone in relation to this is pretty silly. 




That's right and he focuses on the tree to ignore the forest. 




Didn't you see the chart party lossing 11 games in a row is totally fine as long as you don't throw too many ints and ruin your QBR, duh!




> what backup in NFL is allowed to have a controversy this big and be on a team still

I take it you missed the return of Michael Vick




Does it matter to you that he donated over a million dollars to inner city underprivileged folks? Is that also "shitting on America"?

Please tell me again how excercising an American constitutional right is "shitting" on America. 




Not allowing a peaceful protest, is shitting on America. 




How did he take a shit on America?

He kneeled during the Anthem, which if you actually read the Flag Code isn't considered disrespectful. You know what is disrespectful? Wearing the American flag. So remember that next time you go to the beach on the 4th of July and see all these people with the flag wrapped around their fat asses. 

He originally sat during the Anthem at the beginning of his protests, until a vet told him that it was disrespectful to the flag to do so. Ever since he learned that, hes kneeled instead.  




If you disagree with an American exercising their right to peaceful protest...




Yes, the situation is exactly like the one with the White Uber conservative guy who was objectively bad at the sport. You aren’t a genius, it’s a fucking stupid position.




Kaep was better than Grossman, and it isn't close.

Source: Da Bears fan.




yeah, I said he is certainly better than the bottom half of QBs, that would make it average. 





Based on pff he was in the top 2/3rds for qbs that started as many games as him




Agreed.  If I were an owner, would I want to risk alienating half my fans when I could get someone almost as good as him for no headache?  Probably not.  I support Kaep, but I think his argument that the league is colluding to keep him out is weak.




Didn’t the broncos offer him that?   Not commenting politically just throwing it out there.  He didn’t want back up.  I don’t know his current feelings on it.  Idk if he’d be happy taking a back up spot. 




I can't quite tell what you're saying here, so I'm just going to assume you were saying "Could've been a solid backup for a playoff team" and respond to that:

Sure, just like Tebow could've.  But NFL teams made an apolitical business decision in both cases that bringing in a huge media circus wouldn't be worth it for a backup QB.  If they weren't wrong for passing on Tebow, I can't see how they could be wrong for passing on Kaepernick.  I have no problem with players kneeling, but am still able to look at the situation objectively and recognize this.

All that said, his QB skills have very little to do with why Nike made him the face of their campaign, and there's nothing wrong with them working with him IMO.  Will probably be a really smart business decision- especially if they got him on the cheap.




https://www.washingtonpost.com/graphics/2017/sports/kaepernick-tracker/?noredirect=on&utm_term=.d0e43209beee




I have always felt this way. There are so many other quarterbacks I would put behind center before I gave him the ball. If he was really that good, nobody would care about this “baggage.” 




There are literally THOUSANDS of peer reviewed journal articles which disagree with you. 

https://scholar.google.com/scholar?q=police+brutality+against+blacks&hl=en&as_sdt=0&as_vis=1&oi=scholart




They can collude to keep the offers low so he leaves voluntarily. 




Condescending fuck. How’s that for micro aggression ?




That's the oldest and most obese 20% of the population though. I doubt they buy much sports wear. And they'll be dead soon. 




Yes it is. 




If 20% of people voted for a Democrat who got into office, Republicans would be blasting that number day in and day out. 




thank you very much:)




"Values?" Like using your First Amendment rights to protest social injustice? Or do you just mean your values? Asking for a friend.




Do you know that the labor practices in the factory where it's made pass US labor laws?




It's tradition to stand & take off your hat if you are wearing one during the national anthem in America. So by kneeling, they are peacefully protesting. 




Protesting peacefully too. 




That's ok because I like Nike and I know they have won and so have I because this has upset some racist sob so I win twice. 

Winning!!!




You could throw that all away with people's freedom to express themselves if you want. It's up to you.




Not close... Kneeling isn't disrespecting the country, of course you don't have to support it, I never said you do, but to call it disrespecting the country is a lie.




> Never said he had to, just that he should

Lol, what? You literally quoted me saying "should". I guess the strawman was just too tempting?

The rest of your post is just as ridiculous. You keep criticizing him for not protesting things *you* want him to protest... I guess the crux of you reasoning is this:

>And Colin Kaepernick wasn't advocating for the victims of police brutality, has was advocating for **black victims** of police brutality.

You just really don't want him to root for the black guys, eh?




It's not really a sacrifice either. These guys get paid, it's voluntary, and it's a lot less dangerous a job than, say, firefighting or logging.




 No. I don't. You don't see anything weird about using, as an example of valor, an anti-war protesting soldier who's murdered by his own squad when they find out about his point of view?




Fascists that hate the free speech of someone else? :D

"Oh nooo stop teh free speech!  Someone protested shootings!"




Well, don’t I look like a dick. I stand corrected. Yeah...doofus should vote. No excuses. 




One of the only times he had to honour the troops? You guys never fucking stop doing that. 




Oh sorry, was busy. But cool that you’re ignoring the news. 

https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.cnbc.com/amp/2018/08/29/dicks-sporting-goods-shares-slide-as-retailer-misses-second-quarter-sales-forecasts.html

https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/dicks-sporting-goods-earnings-stock-price-plunges-2018-8-1027493482

https://www.google.com/amp/s/mobile.reuters.com/article/amp/idUSKCN1LE1CQ

https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.wsj.com/amp/articles/dicks-says-under-armour-new-gun-sales-policy-dragged-on-results-1535565173

https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.nationalreview.com/2018/03/dicks-sporting-goods-sales-sink-after-new-gun-policy/amp/

I get that your pointing out that the stock market is doing well. But Dick’s same store sales—a big measure for where a chain is headed—have tanked.  But, you knew that. You’re just using figures you think hide it. 




Go back to The_Donald. 




[deleted]




Yes you're racist. You make it very clear.

Nothing you said is evidence that you aren't racist, but the fact that you think it does is kinda hilarious.




> Me, a Jewish guy with black brothers and sisters, an Asian step-sister, and some good ol’ fashioned white kids for fun.

Ah, the good-ol "my best friends are black" defense (aka "the Rick Santorum defense"). So cliché that *The New Republic* wrote a whole article about it:

https://newrepublic.com/article/90059/gop-rick-santorum-best-friend-defense




[removed]




I love their "NO U ARE" defense for everything. So cute. 




His words and actions specifically targeted police brutality. You people turned it into anti-veterans and anti-America to intentionally avoid the real conversation, which you can't handle.

Meanwhile, the President calls American POWs "losers" and you spineless hacks applaud him. 




Yeah, I couldn’t care less who the face of Nike is. This is all BS and people are over reacting. 




I have zero fucks for you...nor does anyone else.  You felt the need to complain about it.  Butt.  Hurt.




White NB with optional tiki torch - John deere rider fa sho




Trump and the Fox news team have made him famous with nonfans. 




Funny how it seems Kaep got all political after he got a hot activist girlfriend. 




It's not a fair criticism though. It was 20 years ago. Now it's just typical right wing outrage over something that's not even true. 




Mesut Özil is a practicing Muslim too. Adidas is probably not your favorite anymore, huh? 





>It's a rather complex issue but it can basically be boiled down to cops are more aggressive when policing blacks

So the police happen to be more aggressive against the people that commit more of the crime than those who commit less of the crime? Shocking. 

Next you'll be telling me that cops become more aggressive when encountering an armed robber than they are when encountering someone who goes 7 miles over the speed limit. 

> Again it's a complex issue but TLDR the criminal justice system reflects  the biases that have been ingrained in American culture since the 3/5  clause was established. 

So, racism, right? Cops are also more aggressive when policing men and the legal system  over penalizes men as compared to women, so how can that be if the issue is race? Please explain. 

By the way, 'prison industrial complex' is just a meaningless buzzword you're parroting from the media industrial complex. 




Because this is that important.  Some kneeling doofus with a giant afro.




Repugnant for trying to hijack a peaceful protest against civil rights violations and racism into somehow insulting their precious flag.

Only the most intellectually dishonest, morally bankrupt, grossly misinformed, or absurdly gullible people actually think this was ever some sort of protest against the flag or military.  




That's nice.




You don't say? You're full of surprises.




Who are you to say what the national anthem stands for?  I believe it stands for life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.  I believe it stands for equality and justice.  What is it going to take to get attention for police brutality to be drastically lowered?  




You can demonize people for saying stuff you dislike and still be for free speech. I would call a nazi a racist POS any day of the week, but you best believe I'd defend his right to say that shit all the same. Free speech is freedom to say things without government intervention, that doesnt make you immune to public backlash.




The sad thing is you think you’re actually making good points. 




Sure they could.

I guess they could just give up all those millions Nike offers...




I don't think you'll be okay though




Go to school




My dad can beat up your dad and my dad works for Nike which is better the dumb underarmor




Do you call out every company for doing it or only when it fits your agenda?




You're entirely wrong. He spoke to a U.S. marine who told him to kneel because it was less disrespectful 




You spend a lot of free time looking for excuses to justify your racism eh?




Said the guy who thinks anyone cares at all where you kneel if you aren't famous. 




My day is ruined and my disappointment immeasurable 

Non meme response: it is so wierd to see all the comments that would have been top comments on this thread if it wasnt for the downvote brigade pulling them down early on. It's also wierd seeing how at the very bottom it's like it's own ecosystem where what would get -1000 at the top gets +200 down there because no one with sanity goes down there and that's where T_D users congregate. It's actually really interesting




Kaep was decently high profile in the football world.  He had lost his starting position in 2015 and between that and Tomlinson taking over for Harbaugh lots of people were talking about the 49ers and Kaep.

Players getting injured and just fading away is really common in the NFL, and people were wondering if that would be Kaep.  I think Kaep knew there was a real chance his career was winding down and figured "fuck it, might as well do that protest thing I've been thinking about".  If nobody really noticed or cared, he loses nothing.  If it became a thing media picks up, his profile is raised and he can maybe get some attention for both himself and his cause.  

It is a pretty smart calculation, assuming he wasn't confident in ever getting a starting position again.  He shopped around and tried to get a backup position, and when no team would have him he sued the NFL.  Now regardless of whether he wins or loses he has become more than just a professional athlete and will probably have a lifetime of opportunities as a result.

IMO the whole thing was very intentional, but that in no way makes it bad or whatever.




He's saying tebow has used means other than his football prowess to get chances to play. I like tebow a lot actually, but he did parlay his good guy fame into a baseball gig.




[deleted]




I always defended the NFL cuz I agree with all of this... its the Eric Reid situation that has me questioning everything. He’s in the top half of starting safeties and wants to play. Why is he not on a team?




*Tis but a swoosh wound!*




We are getting dangerously close to the actual plot lines from 'unbreakable kimmy schmidt' when they whip up a frenzy for burning the NFL redskins jerseys but the owners are OK with it because they're buying them for $50 either way...




Nike: the shoes Nazis hate.




I bet that more people buy Nike because of this than boycott. 




I wonder if a US boycott by Trumpers improves their international sales.  T’would be interesting to know.




Nike makes/brands/licenses a lot of shit. 

Golf - training - basketball - baseball - football - soccer, etc.

Republicans most certainly play golf. 




Sales of Crocs are going to skyrocket, though




I guess you don't know about the Air Monarchs




You've clearly never been to Russia.




Heh.  But in reality, they are veering into political statement territory.  A lot of people who would normally buy their shoes, may choose not to if it seems like a political statement by wearing a Nike swoosh.  Some may choose not to buy the shoes because they disagree with disrespecting the flag (if that's how they view it), or just don't want to bring attention and have conversations with people about why they are wearing Nike.

There's a reason why corporations stay as far the hell away from politics, unless the coast is absolutely clear.  It may never amount to anything, but it's not just "overweight Nazis" who are going to be impacting Nike sales.




But Air Monarchs are a staple in white dad attire. 




Hey guys, sorry I’m late. What am I supposed to do again?




But their most famous sponsored athlete is Steph Curry whom the President HATES.  But then the President hates Lebron as well....and really the NBA as a whole.  




Under armor definitely has the basic bitch/bro market locked down. Was just at the MN state fair and UA stuff is as standard to rural and exurban people as camouflage hats, embroidered jeans, Walmart patriotism, and kids named Brayden, Jayden, or Jaxon. 




It's just Russians sitting around in Adidas eating cabbage.




Adidas will absolutely not risk their Democrat white bread soccer fan bread and butter. 




With Adidas' lock on the tracksuit market, they're untouchable




Adidas new Yeezy line, "400 years"




Under Armour already sorta markets itself to the right wing crowd




New Balance would be foolish to gamble on that since it would be against their brand culture and overall image. Maybe Reebok? But honestly, this could be a long term lose for the big ones (Adidas or New Balance) and may just let Nike have it. 

It could still be disastrous for Nike so I bet we see lots just letting it play out. Mixing up politics with your brand is a massive gamble especially if you're not the first one staking a claim to that campaign.




Under Armour would go in on it. Isn't their CEO a big Trump supporter?




Also, Yeezy was on trumps dick before all the albums on his label dropped. Ain't heard much from him after release day(s).




"The French think they're too good for the lies we accept?" 




What so many seem to forget was France was heading into an election in 2003 and they almost universally opposed the war. If over 90% of your country opposes something significant would you rush into it? 




Remains to be seen. Talk to red hen about how well their town is doing. Liberals were all saying they were on their way to support the business but alienating half your base hasn't been working out well for the left lately. 




Corporations are always political. They constantly lobby for a political system that is advantageous to their profits. Even in this case Nike is gambling that they will increase profits - the fact that they seem to be supporting freedom of speech is just opportunistic. If their employees try to talk about the working conditions in their offshore factories we'll see how much they really love freedom of speech. 




Yeah, they don't, that's the whole point of Citizens United.




bc otherwise theyd be running the govt...oh wait :(




They don't need to be, but people shouldn't be happy about it because it's their side. Also the point it's not genuine, they're trying to sell more sneakers and leveraging attention. I used the example in another comment but what if Chick-Fil-A started having anti-Gay rights marketing? I don't care if they have lobbies, yet people still tried to boycott them for that.




They shouldn't be, but if they're going to take a stance they shouldn't pander shallowly they should do something actually meaningful.




because they arent supporting his cause or funneling money into his side lmao. call me when these clowns support a ban on corporate campaign contributions to politicians AND PACS. 




Yeah, corporations are inherently political, just look at where all their donations go every time someone suggests that they should pay slightly higher taxes. 

If that's perfectly fine, then I don't see why this wouldn't be.




Exactly— where did this sentiment that all opinions are created equal come from?




But will it impact your decision about whether or not to but their product? I think that's the issue people take with this kind of politicized marketing. It's intentions are immediately suspect because everyone knows that the end goal of taking this position is selling shoes. A corporation only "cares" about an issue as much as it helps them make money. So, taking a strong position feels dishonest because outside of their profit margins, the actual position is often irrelevant.




all corporations are right wing by definition and intent: pro-business, pro-laissez-faire economics, anti-regulation. Don't let the flowery progressive language and LGBT rights campaigns fool you, there is no such thing as left-wing corporation.




I've already posted this earlier in the thread, but corporations are always political. All public economic activity is political.

The assertion that there is a divorce between economics and politics is in itself a political statement oft repeated by certain sections of the modern right wing. Before the 19th century no economist would have tried to argue that no matter their own political leanings.




Well with in Google's case YOU are the product, but yeah I get what you're saying.




hobby lobby [literally funded ISIS](https://www.esquire.com/news-politics/politics/a20135257/hobby-lobby-antiquities-smuggling-case/). nike will be just fine. 




The trouble is that the message was changed to anti usa. It started because he wanted people to know about the injustice going on in the city. The right made it " kneeling is anti cop and anti America" that was never his stance but now that's what people are talking about. When you don't have a good answer to the argument, you change the argument. 




they aren't political. Their owners have beliefs that came to the center of the news but their businesses are just normal businesses. 




Spot-on. So much armchair bullshitting in this thread, lmao. As if Nike is just winging it for the sake of what these assholes call "virtue signaling," profits be damned. Nike paid a lot of very smart people to look at this from every possible angle before going for it.




I can’t fathom having a mass tagger for someone’s opposing political beliefs. Do you want to make Reddit more liberal? What a joke. If you see my post history I’m reasonable in all my stances and willing to concede when wrong.




It’s not republicans buying the most expensive shoes, clothes and collecting Nike merchandise. Nike knows its customers and is reaffirming their political beliefs while benefitting from the inevitable news coverage of this campaign. 




You’re acting like it’s strictly down party lines, when in fact something like 60% of Americans don’t agree with the kneeling of players




He was strong, and fast, but he wasn’t a top level quarterback. Didn’t always do well under pressure, wasn’t accurate enough. Still a great athlete, but you can say that about anyone starting a game.  




He had a good run, but he started protesting right after he was benched due to poor performance.  That's an angle some people have forgotten about, the theory that he did this so as to make it difficult to fire him.




I seriously blame the lack of education. Teachers glossing over important social enlightenment of America will be the ruin of us all.




The emails tho




Because morons like me decided to stay home...

...#1 on a list of the biggest regrets of my life... and I'm including a 1.5 year 8ball-a-week coke habit on that list...

Political apathy is no joke, I hated trump and disliked Hillary, would have voted for Bernie but felt fucked over by the DNC, so I said fuck it and didn't bother to vote... "There is no way that clown can win..."  

Never again

Ranked choice voting is my goal now, if we had had it I could have voted Bernie and had Hillary as my backup and probably wouldn't have stayed home.

I know better now, but I also know that having RCV will get some people to the booth that might otherwise stay home, the more people voting the better.

Never stay home, always vote.  




With a big assist from Comey at the last moment! 




or that time (celebrity) was (controversy) and then people started burning their (product) and they said...




What was Dumbledores sexuality?  I read through like book 4 I think. 




Or that time uncle charles took my tshirt out of the dryer for me and then pissed on it and asked he should re dry it. Like no, it's already been dried. Silly uncle charles 




Air pollution is a liberal conspiracy. ^^/s




Dont do it Benny its suicide




Selfish. Donate your gently used Buddhists to your local Salvation Army. 




That doesn’t make any sense to me. The issue isn’t that he works for the NFL. It’s that he’s currently suing the NFL




Didnt you get the memo, shitty people live longer. I guess being the epicenter of shit is the key to long life. 




and yet sadly that coronary won't come along anytime soon.





That’s an insult to William Perry. 




Ah yes, we have come full pear shape.




We need more Bort license plates in the gift shop. I Repeat, we are sold out of Bort license plates.




Not a Marine. Army Special Forces, Green Beret. 




I think it's still an issue that's worth highlighting. Black Americans are 3x more likely to die at the hands of police than White Americans. 




Nearly 50% of all known murders and murder victims in the United States, according to the FBI.




Roughly 15%




I think the problem in America is your version of "justified" wouldn't cut the mustard in most of the rest of the developed world.




And the players have the right to say fuck you, you're not allowed to restrict our rights to protest because of the contract you signed. Which they did.

And it's patently untrue that you have the right to not hire someone for any reason. There's multiple reasons that could be illegal, from discrimination to blackmail to conspiracy.




Seeing as black people make up about 10% of the population and white people make up 70% of the population...did you not just prove my point?




[deleted]




[deleted]




Yep. If those hiking shoes are comfortable, buy a couple more pairs. When they fall apart you will never find a pair as comfortable.  




I like that we're still adding to the list even after they've cut Bannon from appearing.




> there's no such thing as bad publicity.

Probably this idiodic mindset.




It [sounds like](https://www.nytimes.com/2018/09/03/arts/steve-bannon-new-yorker-festival-haruki-murakami.html) they wanted to give him a good grilling.

>“I have every intention of asking him difficult questions and engaging in a serious and even combative conversation,” Mr. Remnick said in a phone interview.
>
>“The audience itself, by its presence, puts a certain pressure on a conversation that an interview alone doesn’t do,” he added. “You can’t jump on and off the record.”

I am a bit torn after reading the reasoning. It would have been stupid and probably done more harm than good but I really do want to see one of these asshats taken to task.




She’s a hot blonde girl and that seems to be fox’s type. 

She’s like a before of if Kelly Anne Conway or Laura Ingram or Ann Coulter was doing drugs. 




She makes money off Republicans, not Democrats.




AND she keeps the republican base riled up, and a riled up base shows up to elections. 




Thank you for this comment and thank you for your service!




Most of our products are made that way including the phone or computer we're typing this outrage on.




Wait, i like anime. But I don’t have a neckbeard. Yet?




Suprisingly there are, but I think that's because they don't even know what traps are, or that they're in anime. It doesn't help that you can't go through a Twitter thread without some backwards fuck complaining about feminists or some shit




This is why its so important for people to understand how the political process works (or at the very least click through on the source). He ran uncontested. He cant lose the nomination because he wasnt competing against anyone. Probably because that district goes democrat every single election and no one wants to waste time trying to oppose them except a crazy old man who has no chance of ever being elected but wants to be given time to state his ideas. 




https://www.cnn.com/2017/08/14/politics/trump-condemns-charlottesville-attackers/index.html




saying that calling trump supporters nazis is overblown constitutes as defending now? 




[deleted]




how does conservative fit into that? as a person of color i would like to know why conservative means nazi and white nationalist. because i’m not white and neither is my family. 




[deleted]




Holy fuck this comment is ignorant.




However you view your own political ideology, your comment history makes it pretty clear you're a cancer on society....




[deleted]




Do you realise that *alt-right* is a self-applied term? It was coined by far right extremists, whose beliefs revolve around white nationalism.  They rebranded themselves because the term "neo-nazi" has a fair bit of baggage to it.

"The left" didn't invent the label - the alt-right did it themselves.  They coined the term specifically to help radicalise more moderate conservatives toward their far right causes.  They are using labelling theory to their own advantage.

The alt-right *are* rebranded neo-nazis, and it is exactly their intention to draw comparisons to nazism and use comparison to create a victim mentality in other conservatives; to also feel like they are under attack.

If you don't identify with white nationalism, then you're not alt-right.  And if you don't identify as alt-right, then you shouldn't get butthurt when people compare the alt-right to nazis.

The important thing right now is that reasonable conservatives stop defending and identifying with the alt-right, because they are really manipulating a lot of people right now.  




>I find the threats of boycott currently being leveled against Nike on social media by alt-righters to be absurdly hilarious.

He never said all alt-righters were doing it. He never said only alt-righters either. You’re trying to muddy the water for something that’s factually correct. 

If the rest of the right-wing doesn’t like this element on their side of the aisle and this side of the argument, that’s their civil war to fight. Because if they don’t, then alt-right and Nazi will define them by default. 




I appreciate your efforts here, and I don't want to insult someone's parents, but I'd like to focus on just one part of your parents' reasons.  The bit about America "allowing" these players to succeed and the players needing to be grateful and "honor the country."  I wonder, do your parents feel that way about every single American who achieves wealth and/or fame?  I mean, these guys worked like crazy for years and years to get where they are.  It's not like they were just picked at random and handed money.  This rule of your parents means that anyone who is wealthy or successful in America can never say anything to criticize America. Wow, that's a bizarre philosophy. For example, every wealthy, successful person who decides to run for federal office generally criticizes the current office holder, including the President!  So does that make them bad people?  Or if a wealthy, successful person criticizes US health care policy, or US involvement in a war, or US minimum wage rules, is that person wrong/bad/ unpatriotic?  Did your parents object when a rich American businessman routinely attacked the then sitting President?  Do they believe that free speech should only be occupied by broke losers and everyone else needs to shut up and say the pledge of allegiance?  Really, this idea would just be totally unworkable if you applied it to everyone.  Unless of course the actual meaning behind this philosophy is that young black men who gain wealth and fame are getting some kind of special gift -- like, "hey, he gets to be famous and rich instead of poor and in jail like he otherwise would be, so he should be grateful."  I suspect that is where your parents' philosophy really comes from, and yes, that is racist.  




I guess my question in regards to #1 (and I know you don't fully agree with that viewpoint) is, if these players feel that the country is failing them in some fundamental way, i.e. systemic racism, shouldn't they be able to use the position afforded to them to help those that aren't able to reach those heights? The thing I struggle with in all these arguments against kneeling is that it ends up feeling like the symbolism of the anthem is more important than people who are actively suffering. The anthem, imo, represents more than just vets, it represents America as a whole. 

I agree that clear goals would be awesome. I do wonder if the conversation has been so overtaken by this patriotism vs. kneeling thing that we just haven't had a change to properly discuss what those goals look like, though. I also agree that donating the money he receives from Nike would be an awesome move. 




> America gave them the opportunity to succeed to astounding heights. Yes, it has problems, but you should still show honor to the country that allowed you to be in this position.

Yeah no, that's not how this works. First, the USA did not do anything out of good heart. They do it because they like sports; they crush thousands of kids through a system that ends up rewarding a few for that fun. Those last remaining kids owe nothing to the system, they worked hard to get there and deserve what they get. Second, blind patriotism is terrible. A country that does not respects its citizens cannot expect its citizen to respect it back. 

>There don’t seem to be any defined goals for the protesters. Correct me if I’m wrong, but has Kaepernik put out anything that clarifies what needs to change for him to call off the protests?

A two seconds long google search [would answer that for you](http://www.nfl.com/news/story/0ap3000000691077/article/colin-kaepernick-explains-why-he-sat-during-national-anthem): *"I am not going to stand up to show pride in a flag for a country that oppresses black people and people of color," Kaepernick told NFL Media in an exclusive interview after the game. "To me, this is bigger than football and it would be selfish on my part to look the other way. There are bodies in the street and people getting paid leave and getting away with murder."*

This is perfectly clear and what needs to be changed is explained very plainly.

>So yeah, those are the two reasons my parents are against the kneeling.

Which confirms what was written previously. Your parent are ignoring the obvious and perfectly well explained reason for the kneeling, and are doing so because it is about Black people. Your parents' reasons are terribly bad.




The country “gave them the opportunity to succeed?” This sounds like a slightly modified “they should be grateful” argument I hear a lot. You are much more likely to become a doctor than make it to the NFL in the US, yet I get the feeling if a doctor were to protest something about the country, people wouldn’t be saying he should be grateful he was given this opportunity. 





>2.  There don’t seem to be any defined goals for the protesters.  Correct me if I’m wrong, but has Kaepernik put out anything that clarifies what needs to change for him to call off the protests?  During the Civil Rights Movement, protesters did things like walks and sit-ins to protest specific laws, and stopped their protests when those laws were struck down.  Does Kaepernik want body cams on all police officers?  Does he want to get rid of mandatory minimums?  As far as I know, their aims are just “improve the treatment of black people in America”.  Obviously, that’s a worthwhile and important goal, but steps are needed to get there.  Does this protest serve to push for any step?

Goal: He wants black people to not be shot by cops for no reason. 

But here’s the thing. Expecting him to have a comprehensive plan to solve the problem before it’s ok to kneel in protest is absurd. In fact, it’s racist. No... I’m not accusing you of being a Nazi flag waving white supremacist. I’m pretty sure you’re not, but this gate keeping around his free speech is an unconscious bias that reflects an unexamined cultural racism. He has free speech. Period. No hoops to jump through, no standard he has to meet, no conditions that have to be met. He is free to protest all the killings or even just one. He is free to propose a solution, or to protest simply to call attention to the problem. Or... as he has said (and I’m paraphrasing), he doesn’t want to stand for a country that has historically and still continues to treat his people with injustice. Thats free speech. Creating conditional expectations around his constitutional right to exercise free speech is exactly the sort of injustice he takes a knee for. He doesn’t have to meet your criteria to exercise his rights. And ultimately...He doesn’t have to pray to your gods. Not your religious gods, not your patriotism gods. Because America. Not trumps shithole version, but the America of the founding fathers.




I think he’s going for awareness using his spotlight he earned . He’s not proud to be an American under this shithole government 




You don't need to be poor to recognize a problem in the system. Sure, America has made them rich, but you can be an oil baron and still admit fossil fuels cause pollution. Because they're rich or because they beat the odds doesn't mean they can't make legitimate criticisms of the thing that made them. I don't agree with the notion that "rich football man needs to shut up and play football" 

As far as I understand CK the goal has always been awareness. As long as players kneel, the police shooting issue remains talked about. Does kneeling fix the problem? Not really, but he keeps the discussion going -- case and point this thread. There's tons of people who don't know if not deny there's even a problem but the kneeling so that's what this is about. You mention Civil Rights protests, but keep in mind the same criticisms of these players, of BLM, any group people say do nothing for this set of problems, have been being made at the time those protests.




So what if they're millionaires, and so what if they don't articulate their goals to your satisfaction?  America didn't give them that opportunity to be there, their talent did.  They don't have to stand for the flag, they have the same freedom of speech as anyone else.

&#x200B;

Your parents' arguments make no sense in the context of a free society.




Canadian here, sorry for intruding, please don't add me to the downvote brigading....   
   
Just wanted to say I don't know why you're in the negative votes atm. The guy above you wanted a response that wasn't just 'muh troops', and you provided one. In full coherent sentences.  
  
And then on top of that, I have to think ppl haven't read your whole post because at the end you point out you support the protests anyway.

 

  
I was originally going to (politely) counter the 1st  point of your parents, and point out that being black but also in a position of privilege in the NFL is exactly the place where you should take a stand on the injustices being done to people less fortunate than you...but then you made that point yourself  :P  
  
Anyway - no real point to this, just wanted you to know that someone actually read your comment without being a dick about it. I still think the people who are angry about the protesting are in the wrong/not thinking about the bigger picture enough, but it's always good to point out the reasons for it can be more varied than the superficial assumptions getting thrown around (although the superficial reasons are undoubtedly true in some cases as well).




> These guys are millionaires playing a sport for millions of people. America gave them the opportunity to succeed to astounding heights. Yes, it has problems, but you should still show honor to the country that allowed you to be in this position.

You think America is the only country in the world where athletes can become rich? And they're kneeling, that shows some honor and respect. If they really wanted to disrespect the flag, they could flip it off or turn their backs to it.




I'm kinda torn, because while I'd like to see the flag and anthem respected, people should still be allowed to protest. It's practically as American as apple pie and baseball.

Kapernick's protest seems kind of pointless to me. Like you said, there's no clear goal. Just "Cops shouldn't shoot black people". Okay. Kneeling during an anthem doesn't do anything to fix that.

Kap makes millions of dollars a year. If he wants to help, he should host a community BBQ in affected nieghborhoods. Invite the cops, and let the citizens and police get to know each other as people instead of threats. It's hard to be hostile when you're both eating some good food. I feel like this would go much farther than kneeling during an anthem.

Edit: It appears Mr. Kaepernick does much more that what's shown on TV. Thank you all for proving me wrong.




And I think your parents are bending over backwards to justify their racist ass inclinations. None of those reasons stand up to even the slightest rigor, so no. It's bigotry, racism, or ignorance. 




By saying people who are successful (and have a platform) shouldn't protest is strange. It's like a devious way of silencing the protest outright. "No no only the little-guy should be protesting" which obviously the little guy is easy to ignore. Basically you want the protest to not exist at all. 

Also it's fun because at every protest you hear "they shouldnt protest like THAT!" when obviously if you press hard enough you come to the conclusion that there is no right way of protesting to those who say that.

It reeks of that fake-concern when in reality you'd rather the problem just "goes away"




If you don't want politics in sports why the forced show of patriotism at the beginning? 




Then we shouldn’t  sing the anthem at sports events and shouldn’t  have troops paraded at them. As it is, those things are political




"Fans care about the color of your jersey not your skin" until they're not in the jersey then they're, as a GOP member said recently, "baboons monkeying around". Also tons of owners have come out and said they are totally fine with their players kneeling so your argument is again floundering out.




If you don't want to show politics into a game, remove the anthem, if it is truly about the game, the anthem is such an unimportant part of the whole affair




Hey if you are willing to comprise your morals for money, doesn't mean everyone else wants to, he stood against the anthem because what it stands for, no longer applies to his beliefs, America's birth is based around freedom of oppression, when you are being oppressed by society in whatever form, why should he try to pretend that he loves his country and that is requires his undying support




Yeah, it'd be so much better if all these people protested somewhere where we could easily ignore them and act like racism doesn't exist.




>Shoving social/political issues into our faces during an event people paid to be at, where the only social issue I want to ponder is why they didn't punch it in on 4th and goal from the one.

[So I take it that you're angry at the DoD as well?](https://www.pbs.org/newshour/nation/defense-department-paid-5-4-million-nfl-honor-troops) Over $5 million of public money was given to the NFL in exchange for advertising America's military.




Aww poor poor fans have to see a player kneeling.  Boo fucking hooo




Politics and sports go back a long way, friend. People like you have been saying it for all eternity.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1968_Olympics_Black_Power_salute

>
International Olympic Committee (IOC) president Avery Brundage deemed it to be a domestic political statement unfit for the apolitical, international forum the Olympic Games were intended to be. 

.

>A spokesman for the IOC said Smith and Carlos's actions were "a deliberate and violent breach of the fundamental principles of the Olympic spirit."[3] Brundage, who was president of the United States Olympic Committee in 1936, had **made no objections against Nazi salutes during the Berlin Olympics. He argued that the Nazi salute, being a national salute at the time, was acceptable in a competition of nations, while the athletes' salute was not of a nation and therefore unacceptable.**[12]







“Don’t shove your politics in it”

Yet you fail to realize that playing the anthem and forcing everyone to recite it in inherently political. I agree, it shouldn’t be political at all. Nobody should care that Kaepernick didn’t stand because it doesn’t fucking matter. 




How does someone kneeling quietly before the game starts ruin anyone's enjoyment of the game? I just don't understand how quiet, non-intrusive protest is 'shoving political issues in our faces'

120 seconds of kneeling, silently, while the anthem plays harms no one, and takes nothing away from the game. 




Politics is inherent to everything.

Choosing not to protest is also a political choice. 

What you're saying is just you "shoving your politics" (which is a preference for the status quo) into sport.


I don't know if that's obvious or if it'd help if I tried to explain it more? 




>I'll go through the motions

Imagine what the world would be like it Rosa Parks just went through the motions. If Nelson Mandella just cashed his check at he end of the day. If Martin Luther King Jr just said "whatever". 

History and progress isn't made by "just going through the motion". Whether you agree with it or not, change is brought on by people who have the guts to stand up and say "hey, this isn't right". There's nothing, in my book, more patriotic and noble than that, regardless of how small the act may be.




It *can* still be about the sport though. It's only about the politics when people make it about the politics. It's a peaceful protest for himself and what he believes in and it can end there and the game can start and your Sunday can continue. Just like when athletes take a second out of the game to point up to the sky or kiss a necklace or something to honor a family member. They aren't making the entire sport about their dad or whatever. It's for them. 

"Football used to be about the sport, now I've gotta watch this guy love his dad whenever he gets a touchdown!"




Lol you provided your own counter argument. By your logic we should remove the anthem all together. I’m not saying I’m for or against the anthem before sporting events but I want to point out how dumb your comment is. 




What does you wanting a safe space to watch a football game have anything to do with politics? 

If you are going to sit there and pretend like you’ve never spoken one word about politics at work then we all know you’re not credible in the slightest. 




>Dude kneels for a minute


QUIT SHOVING POLITICS DOWN MY THROAT AHHH




> if a client WANTS me to stand for the national anthem once a week before a task, sure, he writes the paychecks, I'll go through the motions

Would you stand and salute the confederate flag?  Would you salute a picture of Hitler?  Would you salute a child molester?  What thing would be gross/vile enough that you would not show it support, just for monetary compensation?  Kaepernick has his limits and he showed his protest by not standing for the anthem.




What? It's a link, it takes you to his comments. That's why I posted it.




Social justice affects politics. It isn’t part of it. 




Eh...social justice existed long before political parties so...what are you talking about?




Oh right, missed that.  Open and shut case BAKE EM AWAY TOYS!




>you basically shotgun half or more of your target audience.

Nike is a global company. Wether or not this was meant as an attack on Trump, it will be seen and publicized as that. Trump is globally hated at a very high rate. Hence, this is a solid campaign for them.




That's not evidence and that's not how economics works




It's irresponsible parenting to teach your kids that police are your friends.




Half your customer base?  You are aware this is a global company, I doubt the US accounts for a 1/3 of the profit.




>Why even take that chance.

Because he cares about an issue and his sponsors do too. Who cares if it bothers people?




You don't really need to apply common sense to measurable things.  That's the beauty of science and data...it doesn't care about you sense.  It kinda sounds like you're just pulling info out of your ass because you feel that way.  Unless of course you have data on your claim.  Which you dont.  For all you know even if they do lose half of their customer base, the remaining customer base could very well hypothetically buy 3 times the amount...thus increasing net profits.  You know, because math.   




Half the country doesn't support trump though 




"Top Ten Fashion Betrayals" 




Old white republicans don't buy shoes.




Kaepernick did apologize for the socks. Trump's lawyer compared the FBI to Nazi storm troopers, no apology. The selective outrage is funny. 




Nike is capitalizing on an amazing opportunity, not taking a chance. They are making sure they end up on the right side of history, and they are... That will be good for business all around.




Maybe it’s a bad example for cops to set for kids when they shoot unarmed people, or dogs.  Or when they plant evidence.  Or when the confiscate property without reason.   Maybe it is a bad example to set for children when when you jump up to protect a group of anti-American abusers.




Did the little booties hurt your little fefe's, chin up buckaroo 




I'm 23. Nobody my age who didn't have an upper class upbringing or a whole ton of luck has a 401K  of any value at my age. 

But, that's not to say I don't invest my money. I did make a whole ton of money on Bitcoin. [Here's something I bought with it.](https://b.catgirlsare.sexy/EIuf.jpg) I'm just more interested in my present than my retirement right now.




Doesn’t matter how is 401k is doing if it’s gonna be shit soon. Deregulation boosts the markets at first but then, eventually, there will be a crash.




Shouldn’t but they do. In reality, this doesn’t seem as much of a “political” messsge as opposed to a cultural message. But the lines blur between politics and culture. 




Oh, by all means, get money out of politics. I'll always agree on that. 




So it's your ass that boycotts it.




I’m actually almost certain that they do have a clause that is something like that. Maybe not word for word, but I’m pretty sure it’s addressed. 

Again, it’s not complicated at all. If you make political statements at your place of work, you’re going to create division and draw unwanted attention and controversy to the company. That’s not what employers want from their employees.




That's my point entirely. His method is so far removed from the idea of police brutality that people can't help but be disconnected from it. He's more of a distraction to the movement that he bolsters than an aid to it.




[removed]




[removed]




It’s cuz these dudes don’t think all they care about is what the little man in the White House says 




The audience doesn't change what's fact.




How is he wrong? Got any criticisms instead of these well poisoning fallacies?




I was more or less agreeing with you. 




Vick balled out when he came back.  I don't like the guy myself, I have two dogs, but he did ball out.




Michael Vick was pretty good though




“Vick did his time”

-Darryl Philbin




It's really not, hence the status of the court case and overwhelming evidence that several team's admins agreed to refrain from signing him. Numbers talk, politics don't. You let politics talk, you end up in court as what's going on now.




When did they offer that to him?  I’ve been following this story for a while, and I don’t think I ever heard that.  The only way I would have missed it is if it were right at the beginning of his free agency.  I could see him turning down a back-up position, only to realize later that no one else was offering anything.  I’m positive that the Broncos won’t take him on now.




He didn't turn down the Broncos offer because he didn't want to be a backup. He turned down the offer because the Broncos were offering like 5 million less a year than he thought he could on the market at the time. 




Except Tebow wasnt playing as well as Kaep. Kaeps stats were consistently better than Tebows. Fuck, even Vick got a contract after jail time for abusing animals and he wasnt playing as well as Kaep was.




Tim Tebow and Kap arnt comparable. Tim Tebow cannot play quarterback because he cannot throw the ball. Kaep can actually play quarterback 




You're really going to search into google scholar 'police brutality against blacks' as a source for your argument?

That's pathetic. There are also plenty of studies which say the opposite.

According to this:
https://www.washingtonpost.com/graphics/2018/national/police-shootings-2018/?utm_term=.7ea0bac8f4cf

There have been 684 people shot and killed by police this year. Of that 121 were black. Do you know how many interactions black people had with this police this year? Neither do I. But between traffic violations and other occurrences, probably millions. So why should I support a protest that happens so infrequently? 




There's an 80% chance of success.

Marketers call it a loss leader.  Know you're losing money, but betting that it'll increase sales in other areas.




You might be a bigot if you think that everyone that disagrees with you is obese or old.




How is he racist? Because he chooses not to buy nike shoes? The racism finger is pointed so loosely these days




I never said take it away I just said the it was MUCH higher on the list 




You implied it was disrespectful to the flag if someone doesn't support these players. That's why I said you were close. You can support the right to protest without actually supporting the act. 

If it's disrespectful or not is obviously an opinion. I can tell you anecdotally, this protest is very offensive to the vast majority of military members I work with. 




> Lol, what? You literally quoted me saying "should".

Misread, I may edit later with a correction.

I'm not criticizing him as much as I don't particularly care. And whats wrong with criticism anyway? Wouldn't all people want to  aim for the highest level they can achieve? Are you saying that Kaepernick has reached the highest level of achievement possible in his life?

>You just really don't want him to root for the black guys, eh?

So you accuse me of using a strawman argument and proceed to use one yourself.  Maybe you should actually read what I wrote:

>The aim should be to decrease tribalism, not increase it, as innocent as his intentions probably are.

>MLK's statement was good in that he advocated for all people, so why should we go backwards? All victims should be advocated for. Why would anyone have a problem with that?

Edit:

Here is another way of saying what I have been saying:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GeixtYS-P3s






I stand correct.




>Our military fought off the NAZI's, our military fought the Japanese imperialist, our military fought for the ideals of freedom that transformed the world, our military fought to end slavery, our military fought off the North Korean dictatorship from taking over the entire peninsula.

and btw besides the anthem before games it's pretty much just holidays and personal meetings. I am without a doubt proud of the US military and the solders who serve. There has never been a better force in the world and historically speaking there has never been a force that has been this far ahead of the pack that doesn't actively take over other nations but instead gives their land back and makes them 10x better than they were before. No one ever wants a 1930s Japan or Germany to ever surface ever again, but they are still fantastic and beloved places and that couldn't have been possible if they were still dictatorships trying to take over the world. 




See, the thing about articles is you should read them before you link them. I see multiple articles referencing analysts who agree with the direction Dick's is heading...

&#x200B;

>"While we recognize same-store sales missed expectations, \[Dick's\] appears to be managing its transformation to a more focused higher margin business well," Susquehanna Financial Group analyst Sam Poser said in a research note. 

 ...a CEO who continues to believe sales will not be impacted long-term...

>Dick's was also one of the first businesses in the U.S. to stop selling assault rifles and high-capacity magazines, and barred the sale of guns to customers under age 21 following the February massacre at a high school in Parkland, Florida. The company had predicted this move could hurt sales but also would draw more shoppers to its stores.  
>  
>Stack said Wednesday he was confident sales would turn around as those challenges lessen.

...and a company that raised it's full year EPS...

>Dick's raised its profit outlook for the full year and now expects to earn $3.02 to $3.20 per share in 2018, up from a prior range of $2.92 to $3.12. 

&#x200B;

But yes, please continue to act as if DKS same-store sales haven't been negative since Q3 17, long before an assault rifle ban and increase in other gun sales age. Keep ignoring that the 1.9% drop isn't even their biggest drop of the last four quarters. Keep ignoring that the CEO blamed Under Armour sales before blaming other strategic short-term moves (are you protesting UA, too? Want to take credit for that as well?) Keep ignoring that the stock has rebounded in full from the post-earnings drop and that investors believe in the moves they are making. 

&#x200B;

Again, I asked Dick's how it's going and they said pretty good, thanks for asking.




You tell me how disagreeing with you automatically does. I’ll bet mine makes more sense. 

You see, exposure to many different cultures teaches you that life isn’t black and white. So my family, in addition to the years I lived in Taiwan and Japan, give me perspective. 

On the other hand, you hate people who disagree with you.  




Identity politics, such a great idea that the dems have been losing seats since 2008 employing as much.




No, my family. You pretend not to know the difference because you really want the world to be your way. Where disagreeing with politics is automatic racism. You’re sad. 




He should be kneeling during the anthem for that too. Even better you should get Tom Brady to support your cause.




I just feel like everything is so tribal now. We don't even have political discussions in this country anymore. I say I voted for Trump and suddenly I go from being a 28 year old mexican dude living in California, to an alt right white supremacist without saying anything other than who I voted for. Bipartisanship is dead. 




You do realize you're the one acting emotionally "butt hurt" over my opinion. Think before you type and maybe we could have had an actual conversation. Ignorance is certainly bliss.




Saucony or Brooks only.




That’ll happen! lol

But I think he’s doing a lot of good. His NFL situation is bullshit though. He was unfairly kicked out of the league because the NFL is run by greedy cowards.




Sure but rather than attack back I wanted to express that one does not invalidate the other. The good being done is not canceled out by inaction on another cause. 




...uh what??




Its a small window into the bigger picture of fighting for racial equality and an end to police abuse of minorities. Sure if youre so narrow sighted that all you see is one guy, of course its gonna seem dumb to you. Open your eyes a bit wider and it will start making sense. 




And yet you have a problem with their peaceful protest of NIKE...

No one is saying it’s  about protesting the flag or military it’s about not respecting those things.




[deleted]




they'd just be taking the millions from UA or Adidas or Reebok.  It isn't like there isn't a bidding war.  


UA just massively expanded it's distribution channels (ironically, Dick's who recently made a [political stance](https://business.rice.edu/wisdom/news-feed/why-most-companies-should-avoid-taking-political-stances) used to be their main distributor....no mas)   




Not many people want a Nike jersey.  They want a [insert NFL team name here] jersey and may or may not pick the brand after that.  The owners can now just take Nike out of the selections.  That doesn't hurt them at all.




Not at all :(




No u




I would rather see all companies have factories here giving Americans jobs.




Wait what?... It was already offensive at that point because he sat before he knelt.

On another note.  Why are people downvoting everything. Does it have to be uber positive comments on this site to get a thousand upvotes.




[deleted]




Hold my beer!




He plays for our local team and is terrible but gets amazing press because hes a great guy who loves his fans and gives a lot back.




Is a swoosh nae a variety of a swoop?




Damn, where are you finding NFL jerseys for $50?




As Paul McCartney said when Christians started burning Beatles albums, “They gotta buy ‘em to burn  ‘em.”




Playing both sides is good for business, like how Elvis’s manager also sold “Elvis sucks” merchandise.




*Washington Gun-Takers




Reminds me in Straight Outta Compton when they see all the people smashing and burning the CD’s and one of them says “shit, they bought the motherfuckers”




I'll take two.




Right, Puma and Adidas are always trying to catch up to them




Just like when they tried to “boycott” Rogue One and It and Black Panther. It seems like a good way to get loads of money is to get the alt-right to boycott you




Nike out the golf game. Rip




Lol Nike Golf is not exactly a big player in the industry  




Golf is being dropped more and more by Nike.  After Tiger screwed up, they are no long making bags/clubs/balls.  They are now only making golf cleats and apparel. 




That's Adidas.




Meh all that news about Nikes being made by child sweat shops didn't hurt their sales. This won't either.  




On the other hand, I am specifically looking at Nikes to buy right now after never really thinking about what sneakers I buy




I dunno, Chic-Fila is still doing great. 




Hire him and it's a statement. Don't hire him and it's a statement. He one of the most famous and recognizable athletes right now. Why would an athletic wear company want to hire a famous athlete I wonder?




burn your shoes to own the libs




Let Trump shit in your mouth so liberals have to smell it.




Hmm, I feel like there’s a trend there. Can’t seem to put my finger on it though...




I don't think Curry would rep a brand that is overtly anti-Kaep too. 




The entire Russian election hacking plot was an Adidas marketing scheme the entire time
 
Genius




While squatting.




That’s a lot of bread. 




They're also huge in streetwear and sneakers. 




Russians love a good track suit




Adidas owns the Reebok brand 




They’ve always done it though, it’s no different than any times they’ve done it before. 

Their Equality campaign was huge and it went along just fine. 






He just did an interview the other day trying to defend his love of Trump




Yes

Signed Great Britain and Australia




Every company engages in CSR and CRM. Most of them aren’t being totally honest about their motivations for doing this, but the activity is often hugely beneficial for the cause anyway. Sure, they’re not going to globally unionise their workers overnight, but recognising positive activity does influence future strategies that could bring about more positive change in future. Probably the best we can hope for considering no major governments are willing to legally compel corporations to treat their staff with dignity. 




tbf just making a statement on the current political climate isnt exactly the same as funneling funds into politicians campaigns and PACs to get them elected and promising them cushy jobs after they leave office. if a company wants to make a statement on an issue they should be free to, but they shouldn't be able to contribute money towards elections. 




> They don't need to be, but people shouldn't be happy about it because it's their side. 

That's absurd.  It's not a matter of "sides" like sports teams; I believe some things are right and some things are wrong.  Seeing a company support the right thing is heartwarming, and they deserve support for it.  I will *always* be there for people who are doing the right thing, loudly and full-throatedly.

> I used the example in another comment but what if Chick-Fil-A started having anti-Gay rights marketing

That would be detestable, since they'd be supporting fucking evil people in their efforts to hurt others purely because of their sexuality.  Whereas what Nike is doing is supporting a noble man in a good cause; the fact that they're doing so even at the risk of losing some customers only makes their stand more noble in my eyes.

People should stand up for what they believe in.  Always.  Loud and proud, *especially* if people try to silence you.  Controversies over basic rights aren't resolved by having everyone be quiet and polite, they're resolved by being up-front and forthright about what we believe (even when we disagree.)  I mean, if I think your beliefs are terrible, we'll have a fight!  But that's better than trying to skulk around pretending nothing's going on.

That means that I will loudly, aggressively defend Nike when it does the right thing; and loudly, aggressively condemn Chick-Fil-A when they do terrible things.  I feel that this makes me an honest, consistent person - and that doing otherwise would be dishonest (and even deceptive) to the people I disagree with.  If they're going to interact with me, they deserve to know where I stand.

If you're unable or unwilling to let people know where you stand, you should rethink the things you believe.




>but people shouldn't be happy about it because it's their side

If their "side" is the morally correct side, then why shouldn't they be happy about it? Wouldn't it be better if more corporations supported morally correct actions?




But Kaepernick has a job and a platform now.




What is meaningful to you? A major consumer brand promoting your cause can be hugely effective. 




from people with shitty opinions who think they should command just as much respect as people whos opinions are formed from proper research, logic, and maturity. 




> where did this sentiment that all opinions are created equal come from?

From people who hold shameful opinions.




> there is no such thing as left-wing corporation.

maybe the hippies selling hemp clothes at state fairs?




Fuck Hobby Lobby. They finally opened one near me, so I went in to check it out. Only the back third of the store was dedicated to hobbies and crafts, and the front 2/3 was dedicated to all that fake decorating crap that makes a house or office look over-accesorized. Michael's or Joanne Fabrics has everything HL has, and more. Boycotting Hobby Lobby is the easiest boycott I've ever done.




The article literally says they have no evidence of a link to funding ISIS, yet here you are, using the word literally.




Ex-fucking-actly... Nike is publicly traded, even if some rogue CEO truly believed in the ideals behind this message they would be removed and replace by someone who put profits at premium.




Also, in general, we don't like to think that 'average' citizen was racist as hell.

So the framing of the American Civil Rights movement is MLK vs. the KKK and avowed racists, rather than including the huge impact that the average white American had by not wanting to disrupt the status quo whether they thought it was bad or not.

We have the same in the UK with how we are taught about our own internal struggles, as well as how we as a country treated apartheid South Africa. 




Teachers aren't allowed to teach a lot of controversial subjects, it's been whittled away for a while now. That one teacher got fired for teaching their kids that a famous artist existed and happened to be gay, while also talking about the partners of heterosexual artists at the same time - they're mandating what history should and shouldn't be included in books, I read a while back that some board in Texas was getting rid of a huge chunk of the civil rights in the books and that was about 5 years ago now. It's all being chipped away, piece by piece. Critical thinking is the real victim though, they stopped putting things that encourage critical thinking into education back before NCLB.




“Damn that woman and her emails!!” - old woman I overheard in doctor’s lobby two years ago. 




Ben Ghazi and the Buttery Males. ONE NIGHT ONLY




Yeah, I get pretty tired of hearing people (dem voters) defending Comey for being "such a stand up patriot". Motherfuckers, his ineptitude handed the presidency to Trump. The guy you're praising buttfucked you.




Ron Jeremy, voted Trump, jars of Mayonnaise.




New mad lib meme




Is it me or do these nutjobs have a trend of completely missing the point in their "protests". Like buying Starbucks to make baristas say trumps name, as if it was some how a win.




She said he was gay after it became cool to be so but it's pretty meaningless because there's no manifestation of it in the series.




Wait a sec 




I miss my Uncle Charles y'all




I think your burn holes are dank




well played uncle charles..well played..




I used to play bass for Gently Used Buddhists.  




Seriously though, those organs save lives. Maybe shoot yourself in the head outside a hospital?




The Queen of England is over 90 years old.

If your theory holds true, then it'd be quite the fiasco when stories about her are told in the future.




Da Bears!




We’ve got another jumper on the roof of TGI McScratchy’s




Can you elaborate? I'm interested to know what kind of situation this would apply to.




[deleted]




Right? I’m all for mocking dumbshits who burn their own clothes. But humans don’t store fat in their feet. And it’s not like all the hundreds of redditors who upvoted that comment are fit, either...




I am not torn, I understand that he would be easy to make a fool of him but you legitimize these assholes by brining attention to them.

Let's say you invite Alex Jones to something like this, obviously he would be instantly destroyed, the dude lives on a script.  What does this accomplish though? The people who already hate him continue to hate him, maybe a few people become aware of how terrible he is, but the people who love him love him even more PLUS a few extra bigots now know who he is.

Don't start extra drama, it doesn't fucking help.




I kind of thought the same thing at first, but I thought about it for a sec and I'm glad they pulled him. Bannon has no interest in having an actual, productive discussion with an open mind. Grilling him might make him look worse, but we wouldn't be at all surprised. It would essentially turn into "let's all chuckle about how ridiculous this chump is."

And that just kind of feels like a bait-y cheap shot. It would suck to be torn between seeing someone you like and wasting your money on someone who doesn't need more attention. 




She's the millennial who hates labels.




And the very next day he walked that back and blamed "the violent left".

Care to link us to the statements he made during his August 15th 2017 public freakout?






And? Scripted statement after being shamed into it, and not remotely consistent with what he has said as a general matter.  




the great polarization is complete. everyone everywhere has lost their minds.




Subs being taken over by the same people that take over every other default sub...sigh...in some attempt to protest Trump to the ultimate degree, and resist him at every turn, the left, at least the left on Reddit, has officially gone insane. 




Russia won.




Lol who assigned you the job of moderating this pointless conversation?




Good luck getting a reply on this one. 




you're the first person in this thread to use the word conservative. no one stated or implied that all conservatives are white nationalists. the OP actually said "alt-right." not every post is about you.




Needs another couple of edits.




Your probably right. It’s much easier to call everyone a Nazi and this never have to debate them. It’s a good job the right doesn’t just scream Marxist/ communist every time they see a left winger as we’d be literally getting no where as a society. (Btw communist regimes have killed millions more than the Nazi regime. Both are horrific paths to take but yet only one is feared). 




Are you saying that the players should be...well, what exactly are you saying?  How should they be using their position to help others who aren’t able to help themselves?  And as for the symbolism overshadowing the suffering of actual people, who do you place the blame for that on?

I totally agree with you that the anthem represents the nation as a whole, and not just vets.  I never really understood that reasoning.  When I hear the national anthem, my thoughts do not immediately go to servicemen.




Crushed hundreds of thousands of kids, who risked their physical and mental health and ultimately did not reach the highest level of the sport.




>"I am not going to stand up to show pride in a flag for a country that oppresses black people and people of color," ... "To me, this is bigger than football and it would be selfish on my part to look the other way. There are bodies in the street and people getting paid leave and getting away with murder."

This is the part where I feel like Kaep and others need to focus on why officer involved shootings happen. They happen for a variety of reasons, and it is not just about race. Yes, there are cases where restraint should have been used. Yes, there are cases where the officer should have been faulted and held accountable but was not. 


Better training, better policy making, managing officer stress levels, and better screening before hiring/recruiting goes a long way. But people have spent more time pointing at race, when they need to point at some of the other issues.

To add: saying you are protesting oppression and police brutality, is not actually a protest with a defined goal. It is akin to protesting poverty. You still have to map out the changes needed in the system. Now i am not saying that he has not elaborated upon his views, but go to his website, where are the demands?

https://kaepernick7.com/media/




Hmm...I’m not sure how to refute that argument.  I would like to think that people would say the same thing if doctors had to perform the national anthem before every surgery.  Personally, I wish they just wouldn’t play the anthem.  I don’t know why we have to have all this forced patriotism shoved down our throats, but I digress.




Hmmm.  I’m not sure I totally agree, but I guess I will concede that he shouldn’t have to have a comprehensive plan to end injustice towards blacks.  Look, I 1000% support his right to protest.  But I think some people believe that others shouldn’t be upset by his protest, and I disagree with that.  He has the right to protest, and they have the right to protest his protest.  That’s the beauty of America.  I don’t think I’m carrying unconscious bias into this, because I have examined my thoughts and motives very carefully.  And remember, I support what Kaep is doing.  While I will say he doesn’t have to have a fully-formed plan to end mistreatment of blacks, I do believe he needs to push for something actionable.  What he’s doing now isn’t going to change anything.  That’s part of why my parents don’t like what he’s doing; they think it’s pointless and ineffective.  I get that he feels that he shouldn’t have to stand for a country that is unjust, but not doing so is a political act, and he clearly knows that.  (Of course, *doing* so is **also** a political act, though one of arguably less weight.)  Whenever you take a political stand, you need to be prepared to defend yourself, because an issue isn’t political if there aren’t people on both sides.




I agree, and frankly, I’m increasingly wary of revealing my nationality online because of the actions of the idiot in the Oval Office.




I understand that the aim is awareness, but I argue that it doesn’t go far enough.  They could leverage their influence to raise a lot of money for politicians that would push through police reform legislation.  I don’t know; I just think awareness doesn’t accomplish much.




My parents aren’t saying that they *have* to stand for the flag, they just think it’s the right thing to do.  It’s America, and Kaep has all the right to protest.  But I do think it’s important for Kaepernik to layout what changes he wants to see.  Right now, this is just a social awareness campaign, and honestly, I think everyone either already knows that police brutality against people of color is a thing, or are stubbornly in denial.  Just imagine how much Kaep could accomplish if he could harness his power and influence to push for specific pieces of legislation!  I think he’s wasting a big opportunity.




Thanks, man!  Yeah, some people have been a little rude, but I’m glad that it’s stirred some positive discussion.  I think that this issue, like almost any issue, is a lot more gray and murky than people want it to be, and people on both sides of the argument are willing to ignore each other’s reasoning and paint the other side as strawmen.  This wouldn’t be such a big deal if it weren’t pushed to the forefront of the American consciousness by our President, who is doing this merely to distract from his abysmal record on campaign promises and to further the political and racial divide in the country.  While I’m talking about him, sorry that he’s being a dick to you guys on trade right now.  I don’t know why he thinks it’s a good idea to try and blow up relations with our neighbor and closest ally, but I hope things can be patched up once we kick him out (presuming we actually can).  




Awareness is the first step, and a lot of people don't think it's a problem. 




Have you seen the outrage and coverage of the kneeling? 

I would say the protest is effective




He has literally spent millions in communities trying to help. What are you talking about?




My take you can do what you need to when getting the word out. Just don't mess with other people's lives to do it. I'm fine with what Kap did. First Amendment and all. But we're fooling ourselves if we aren't prepared to outline what we need once the attention is on us. Also I really wish it any company other than Nike. I'd hate to see his face when he finds out the stuff with his name attached to it is produced in substandard sweatshops.




Deeper than that as well, choosing not to protest is also political, it's just political support for the status quo. 




How about removing those damn Air Force flyovers?




If someone kneeling diminishes your enjoyment of the game, you seriously need to reexamine your life, and really question what sort of person you are that this makes such a huge impact on your life 




How on earth does that make sense? How could social justice not be part of politics?




Politics existed long before political parties too lol




Nike stock is currently at $82.20. 

RemindMe! 6 months




At the same it’s bad to teach children to disrespect police and that they are evil pigs...




Now let's maybe not go too far. It's fair to speak out against examples of racism in the police and to want to fix that. But to say we should all teach our children to actively fear them sounds like the extreme other end of the spectrum too. 




I hope you’re not suggesting that teaching them the opposite is a smart approach. 




OK Chinese bot.




What's Trump have to do with this?




So tell me about the loss of $4B in market cap today... is that good for business? 




The bad apples are less than 1%. It's stupid to say they are all bad. 




The earlier you start the more you'll have when you're old. 




Well shit then. Might as well cash out now that you've made 20% this year. I thought this was still Obama's economy.




[removed]




He literally did his time and apologized. Im a panthers fan so no one hates that slippery fucker more than me but he did do REAL time. 




I haven’t kept up with the case.  Did teams really talk with each other about not signing him?  What morons!  Man, the more I dig into the NFL, the more it seems like an evil empire.




I believe it came out in court that there was an offer.  Let me see if I can find a link... https://www.google.com/amp/s/broncoswire.usatoday.com/2018/08/16/nfl-news-john-elway-colin-kaepernick-turned-down-denver-broncos/amp/    And yeah elway said he had his chance and he’d never offer again for him.  It’s been a bit since I read it myself :) 




I can't remember the games in too much depth because they were so long ago, but I'm pretty sure the niners lost 11 of Kaepernick's last 12 starts, and he had been riding the bench for a good while prior to this controversy. Tebow was definitely worse but neither was worth the circus. 




Vick was the most exciting player in the league at one point though.




Kaep’s going to alienate a lot of fans, and get people protesting you.  That’s fine if you’re a company selling merchandise, but when you’re a team trying to win games, that kind of attention would probably capsize your team.  I mean, if you were an owner, would you want him in your locker room if it meant all this drama, or would you want someone a little worse who wouldn’t rock the boat?  If he were as good as Brady or Rodgers, he would have a job.  But the talent isn’t good enough in this case to make up for the trouble.  And this is coming from a Kaep supporter!




You just said it, Blacks probably interacted with cops millions of times this year (for a population that only accounts for 14% total), but you don’t get it. Blacks are disproportionately targeted by police. Just look at the decade-long data of New York City’s “Stop & Frisk” policy alone. In some years Blacks accounted for 60-80% of the “random” searches. Blacks don’t account for that much of the population of NYC. 

Racism isn’t calling someone an epithet. It’s systematic. 

It’s the fact that Blacks are more likely to go to jail than Whites for the exact same non-violent crimes. And when Blacks are sentenced, they get 2x longer punishments on average than other races, for the exact same criminal history & offenses. In Florida alone, Blacks get 178 more days than Whites (statewide, the stats are ever worse by county). The system is uneven. And that’s why they kneel during the anthem. 

 Again I gave you a link to lots of scholarly articles. The data & much much more is all there. 






Republicans are more likely to be obese. https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4692249/




You might be an idiot with a victim complex if you honesty think he meant every single Trumper is fat and/or obese 




Not wanting to buy shoes because a black man protest police brutality against black people... Sounds pretty fucking racist to me




> So you accuse me of using a strawman argument and proceed to use one yourself

Only technically, as I framed it as a question. But your right, I shouldn't have have put than in.

But you seem confused to what the protest is about. It's very simple: Police brutality against black people; a problem one have to be a moron not to acknowledge as real.

And if he feels the need to protest that, then by all means, let him. It's not like it's a made up problem. 

>Are you saying that Kaepernick has reached the highest level of achievement possible in his life?

Lol, what? Their is no "highest level of achievements". That's for video games, son. In real life you have choices and then there are consequences. Achievements is for suckers who think they need a measuring stick.

>The aim should be to decrease tribalism, not increase it, as innocent as his intentions probably are.

Why should it be the aim of this football player? That aim sounds like something politicians, police officers and radical extremists should focus on. The rest of us can do as we damn please, as we didn't sign up for a creed or a pledge promising to "serve and protect" the people while "aiming for highest possible achievements". 




See you next quarter then. 




I am truly sorry for my upsetting remarks. When I wrote them, I had not yet completed my [white fragility sensitivity training](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZPDpcYEdiOg). I am much better now; just need to grab something to eat.




I am really, truly sorry: When I wrote that message, I had not yet completed my [white fragility sensitivity training](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZPDpcYEdiOg).




> He should be kneeling during the anthem for that too.

But he isn't.  And that makes him a racist jut like you.




Yeah, discussions have really gone down hill. To the point where I don’t even bring up politics with people I talk to out of fear that they’ll judge me before I even get to explain myself. We really need to grow up as a society. Both side of the political spectrum, not just right or just left. 




English not a strong point huh? Neither is comprehension.  “Emotionally butt hurt”?  Hahaha not quite kid, you came here to post a manuscript about how you don’t watch anymore and how “so many” people feel the same.  News for you son, NFL still making record profits and doing just fine.  Nobody misses you.  I just love stoking you idiots that have a problem with the rights of citizens.




His ability vs drama he brings isn't worth it to teams. Other players who were doing the kneeling thing have jobs. I think his value just wasn't there. I'm a 49er fan. Even when they went to the Superbowl I never thought Kaep was "the guy". He was just good enough to have success because the defense was so good. Supposedly the Ravens almost signed him but then his girlfriend open her mouth or something and they decided it wasn't worth the drama. Whatever.... He's a young multimillionaire without a care in the world. He'll be fine. 




Fair enough, but I don't like to see people lying 




I'ts a steaming pile of shit pretending to be something better.




If in your mind protesting racism and civil rights violations is an attack on the flag and military, you have a really... interesting... view of waht the flag and military are all about.




Well to start what you’re describing isn’t a free speech issue. The right or the left demonizing someone’s speech isn’t the same as not supporting free speech. Both sides (you should like that) support free speech even though they might dislike what the other side says. 


There’s more I could say about your both sides arguments but I’d rather drink beer and throw a frisbee with my dog. Holiday weekend and all. You have fun though. 




And there are plenty of other sports circles they can jump into.

The NFL thought they can penalize people by trying to take their money but quickly backed down when they realised plenty are willing just to take the hit.




And either way, military members are offended by his acts because it throws them into a general category of not being respected even if it wasnt truly intended for them. Ask some. I have.

Edited for spelling errors i guess




He didn't sit before he knelt. He asked if he should sit, and the marine said to kneel instead 

A literal fucking U.S. marine told him this 




Statistics are numbers. They only have the meaning you give them. You can't seem to ascribe any significance to these particular numbers beyond "look how much black people suck". 

So in conclusion: statistics = numbers, /u/Hibernia624 = hate-spewing troglodyte.




Uh he was batting .273 before getting hurt which is pretty good considering the guy didn’t play baseball the previous 10 years prior to last season. 




He's been out on injury and hasn't played in a long time for the Rumble Ponies.




Ebay.

Just got an Alshon Jeffery jersey for $20.

Came with a first aid kit, too.




Betcha can't buy just one




Giiiive meeee two perrrrrs 




R.I.P Mitch 




Not the golf apparel game though.




Not compared to their other businesses, but as late as 2016, they were still posting over $700 in revenue a year for just golf.

Edit- now with source and still at a 8% drop, still a large chunk. Never underestimate the power and profitability of clothing. 

 https://www.forbes.com/sites/erikmatuszewski/2016/08/03/nike-stuns-golf-industry-with-exit-from-equipment-so-what-clubs-are-next-for-tiger-and-rory/

Edit 2 - yes, thanks to everyone who pointed out my errors. Millions everyone, the correct answer is 700 million.




Among us non-golfers they are. I know them only because TW wears them, and TW is the only reason to watch golf...for the uninitiated at least.




It's a shame really; their clubs were pretty decent for their price-level.




Funny how tiger woods sleeps with some women and it’s a huge deal....




I was waiting for this comment. Usually though, it’s Abibas ;)




Tbf I'm sure most of the average competitors (Adidas, UA) are also made w/ cheap  sweatshop labor




Ditto. At the risk of sounding like I'm reading a PR campaign, I have been buying no-name shoes for years now, and never owned a pair of Nike or Adidas; but it would appear that all of the public pressure on those big companies since they became synonymous with sweatshops in the 90s have made them [increasingly responsible for their environmental + social impact](http://mallenbaker.net/article/clear-reflection/nike-and-child-labour-how-it-went-from-laggard-to-leader). Those random shoe brands I find at the discount shoe store aren't subject to anywhere near the same level of scrutiny.
 





That chicken is so goddamned delicious.  Sorry gays.




basketball. the president hates basketball.




I'm ignorant of this as a whole, but it seems our sitting *president* doesn't care for people of color. Is that a stretch? I dunno, just a dumb voting guy in GA.




It’s clear that our president has a systematic hatred towards people who have normal to above average sized hands. 

Every basketball game, it’s like a slap in the hand size disabled community’s face. It’s clear these basketball players are flaunting their ability to grasp medium to large size objects and quite frankly it’s harassment.




Adidas. *Cyka Blyat.*




Yeah people should stand up for what they believe in, but Nike isn’t one person. What “they believe in” is whatever their marketing team has decided is the best strategy. At the end of the day Nike’s concerners profits>>>morally righteous. If your going to loudly defend Nike and support them because of this, congratulations their marketing strategy worked on you.




>People should stand up for what they believe in.

True in a sense, but people also have a responsibility to ensure that what they believe in is actually true or fair. If you believe that black people are inferior to white people, then fuck you for standing up for that belief, because it's a harmful, untrue belief.




The grandparent comment is also forgetting the fact that corporations are *inherently political*, because all public economic activity is political.




Everybody in America thinks their politics are morally correct.  The idea that only yours or mine is uniquely moral, though, is as dangerous as it is ignorant.




Limousine liberals, NIMBY, sure they can use Kaep to sell shoes, but are they going to work to affect change in the developing nations that produce their products, are they going to use profits to support candidates that emulate Kaep's ideals, or are they just selling shoes? My guess is shoes, they don't genuinely care, and they aren't actually committed to the morality of the message they portray, they just see a demographic they can capitalize on. I'd love to be wrong, more than anything, but I bet I'm not.




in a way I guess yeah but if they're legit hippies it will be a co-op, not a corporation. You can also have an "ethical" corporation that makes a point of being organic or uses recycled goods or whatever, but I doubt even those would actively support or give money to genuine left-wing activism.




It's so easy I've accidentally boycotted them my entire life.




all the books they carry are garbage as well. 




This is how it was lost. Memes. 




The guy does have some honorable qualities. I even think he was trying to act in the countries best interests. I think in many ways he put too much faith in people. Too much faith in the GOP and too much in the American people. 

He made a big mistake at a pivotal moment in history. That does not make him a bad person though. 

One of the things that really bothers me about Trump is how everyone gets split into categories of being totally bad or totally great. Then people bounce between these categories. That's toxic and we should be better than him. 




I think he made a bad judgement call (that ended up costing the US a lot), but wasn’t actively trying to undermine the US democratic system like others were. 




But what did they say?




TBF, unless there is a love interest or some sexy times in the plot it would be meaningless for straight characters as well.




Not no hint, there's definitely something that happened between Dumbledore and Grindelwald. You know, because of the implication.




Clearly you haven't seen the movie behind scene footage. Lots of gay dumbledore sex 




Story checks out




Ill see you at the crossroads 




You must be all my homies




If you do that, how are you supposed to donate your brain though?? 




Got'em




If you would like to have a conversation about how socioeconomic instability causes mental instability and the nuances that surround that, I'd be happy to.

Something tells me you just want to prove black people are bad.




She's a fucking nazi.  Everything she says, or does, is using the fascist playbook.  She's a pretty blonde convincing white men to 'preserve' America.  She sounds and barks like a nazi, and defends the alt-right to the ends of earth. 




lmao what




yeah i didn’t buy into the democrats bullshit LIKE IM SUPPOSED TO. how dare me think for myself as a lowly black man, so oppressed. 

fucking racists 




Yeah, that's bullshit. It's quite common to see communist amongst other names thrown around when referencing the left. These things are not exclusive to one side. It's easier to blow someone off if you dehumanize them first.




Basically what I meant is, a lot of people argue that players shouldn't kneel during the anthem because it should be a time to honor the country that allowed them to play football professionally and make a shit ton of money. Not everyone gets to do that, and if players want to use the position "granted" to them to help people in their community that don't have that same visibility (in this case, young black men), I think they should be allowed to. If that means they use the money they earn to support charities, that seems fine, but when it becomes a choice of using their fame and visibility to be outspoken about issues, people tend to get more irritated. Mostly what I'm asking is, where's the line there? People argue that these players should just be grateful for what their country has afforded them, but does that mean they need to just stay quiet and not be too public in their criticism of it? 

As for the symbolism overshadowing suffering, I don't place the blame on any one person. I've heard over and over again that America is obsessed with patriotism in a way most Western countries aren't. I do, however, think that that tendency has gotten worse since 9/11, and that since then, respecting the troops has become something of a "gotcha" when it comes to criticizing issues about our country. It's a cultural thing, imo, and one that we should try harder as a country to get away from. 




Aren't they grateful? I wonder why.




> and it is not just about race.

It's mostly about race though. Of course, what BLM and many activists fail to understand, is that it really is conscious. Actual conscious hate for other people is not that common. Especially not to the point of killing. But distrust, dislike, especially unconscious, is extremely common on the other hand.

>Better training, better policy making, managing officer stress levels, and better screening before hiring/recruiting goes a long way.

Yes. But also changing the climate in the USA where race is such an important matter. Fear mongering in the USA regarding people of color is crazy high. And it has been for what, centuries? It's an entire culture of saying and feeling that those people are more dangerous. Is it surprising that they end getting shot more? Well, not really.

>To add: saying you are protesting oppression and police brutality, is not actually a protest with a defined goal. It is akin to protesting poverty. You still have to map out the changes needed in the system. Now i am not saying that he has not elaborated upon his views, but go to his website, where are the demands?

A protest does not have to be linked to a map for changes.




Nobody is saying that commentary about his protest is off limits. The issue is that commentary either conflates it with the troops which don’t have anything to do the protest, or they want to limit his free speech with (so far) baseless arguments that don’t address the content of his protest.

People are free to say whatever they want about his desire for racial equality in the justice system, but they don’t. They only address tangential issues. If you want to comment on his protest, the real questions are 1) do you agree or disagree that there are racial disparities in the justice system 2) if yes, do you feel that it needs to be addressed. 




> These guys are millionaires playing a sport for millions of people. America gave them the opportunity to succeed to astounding heights. Yes, it has problems, but you should still show honor to the country that allowed you to be in this position.

I believe Kaep would argue that is the very reason why he should be the one protesting.  I'm speaking for him a little here, but I think the argument would be his skill and athleticism has put him in a place where he has a national stage where he can choose to be quiet and enjoy his spoils, or he can speak up for what he believes to be injustice, bias, and police brutality by a power system that is designed to repress African Americans. 

Since he has had to fight through all the disadvantages African Americans face and managed to succeed I believe he feels like it is his duty/obligation to stand up for those that don't have that opportunity or stage.

Just a thought.





>he needs to push for something actionable

Why is he being held up to this standard? I understand it and agree that without something actionable nothing much will happen. But he is just a football player. Not a senator, congressman, mayor or some other politician whom I would say when making political statements should have some sort of action plan behind it. I don't think it should apply to your everyday average citizen. As long as you have a political opinion, whether it be about police brutality, or pro-life abortion, you have the freedom to make that opinion known and support whatever cause you want (without having an action plan behind it - as long as the actual politicians or political activists who support that cause do have a plan, and I would say in the case of BLM there are definitely specifically defined goals that go along with that cause). 

I find it strange and peculiar that people can make pro-life, pro gun, anti immigration statements without a defined action plan, and leave that part up to the politicians and other political activists.

BTW, thank you for not getting too defensive in your posts, and explaining your position clearly without resorting to rhetoric. I always want to try to understand the other side of things.




How do they not think there's a problem? It's all over the news especially after Ferguson.

I guess I'm just surprised people don't notice.




Sure people are outraged, but that hasn't translated into fixing the problem. It's just giving people something new to be pissed at each other about.




Ah, well I wasn't aware of that, since I haven't seen any coverage of it. Then again I don't really follow the NFL. I prefer hockey. 

Good on him for backing up his protest with some money 




And fireworks! Wait no fireworks and jets are cool though. 




>	Politics: the activities associated with the governance of a country or other area, especially the debate or conflict among individuals or parties having or hoping to achieve power.

Saying social justice is a part of politics is like saying racism or protests are a part of politics. Sure they can both affect the governance of an area but they aren’t actually involved in the governance of people. 

I mean I guess you can say that since they affect politics they are politics but by that definitions literally everything is politics. I guess I just view politics as the actual governance of the people and those things that directly affect it such as law making and debate. 

I take your point. 




If you mean complex conduct of a group when you say politics then yeah absolutely.  In that sense social justice and politics men about the same thing.  I don't think that's how you were originally thinking when you made for initial post but idk what's going on between your ears.  My point was that this wasn't a liberal or conservative issue.   




[Common sense belongs not in economics, it would seem](http://www.foxnews.com/sports/2018/09/08/nikes-sales-surge-after-releasing-controversial-colin-kaepernick-just-do-it-campaign.html)




[removed]




Big difference between teaching your kid to fear them and to inherently respect them. Sure, act polite in front of them, but never forget that they are not your friends. 




If you are black, that’s probably just being a smart parent. 




Really is a question of where you are born, lots of places in the states where the cops definitely arent your friends if you’re a black person




Not actively fear, but not actively obey no matter what.




> The bad apples are less than 1%

Source? Also, funny that you use the idiom "bad apples", since the saying is "a bad apple spoils the bunch". In this case the "good apples" actively work to protect the "bad apples" from consequences, so they are just as bad.




No.  There is not even one honest cop.  

You know how we can know for sure?  If there was even a single honest cop, she would, Eliot Ness style would clean up the rest.

There isn’t even one.  It is a logical impossibility.




I can worry aboit that once I have a stable adult life.




It is a great economy, if you make all your money on stock dividends, but not really if you work for a wage. That being said, the causes are clear (free money from tax cuts going into dividends, and short-term hoarding in advance of the tariffs), it's really not sustainable, and we'll be paying for it later. The point of economic management is to avoid booms and busts in favor of stability.




> he did do REAL time. 

Probably because he did a REAL crime. 




Yeah, that’s a bit disingenuous from Elway to say, “he had his chance here”.  They offered to trade for him, but as part of the trade, Kaepernik would have had to take a restructured deal, presumably with a significant pay cut.  I wouldn’t have taken that deal, either.  And now, the Broncos can use that as an excuse as to why they won’t sign him.




Hard to progress as a QB when your defensive line keeps collapsing. Same issue with people saying Cutler sucked. How can you make plays when you're having linemen come at your head because the pocket won't stay closed? How can literally anyone play like that, ya feel?




I would agree, but in 2016 the 9ers defense was trash. Baring the rams game (the only win) opposing teams were putting up an average of 30 points while Kaep was playing. The Falcons were the only team to average more ppg  in the season. He had a 90.7 passer rating which was the 17th best on the season.




We beat the Steelers in the playoffs! Lol 




"The system is uneven" So are murder rates




It’s quite obvious what he meant by “the 20% that would boycott because they are doing this ad campaign” or are you too dumb to pick up on it.




how is buying Nike shoes helping anybody except Nike's bottom line?

And when is not responding to something considered opposing it? I don't need shoes, so I don't buy one. Also, I can't forgive Nike for using sweatshops to make shoes. I don't trust that they won't do it again if they can get away with it.




>And if he feels the need to protest that, then by all means, let him. It's not like it's a made up problem.

Again, I don't have a problem with him doing that. My suggestions have to do with him doing that better.

Another suggestion for CK, don't have a slogan that could also be used by ISIL.

> Why should it be the aim of this football player?

He started the political movement in protesting. He could have just played football. Also, increased tribalism (an "us vs them" mentality) is a bad idea that leads to societal breakdown and increased crime.

>But you seem confused to what the protest is about. It's very simple: Police brutality against black people; a problem one have to be a moron not to acknowledge as real.

Again, I don't care if he does that, but if he actually wants to have a bigger positive effect, be more positive i.e. like declaring protest slogans similar to MLK statements and speeches. That body of work already exists, its not hard to find.

You seem to be confused that it is possible to be ok with a person protesting, but also want said protester to be better in what they do.




Haha no it doesn't. Unarmed, black men are killed at a much higher rate than any other group. Plus you have the well documented history of police brutality against black men. You guys will sure find any excuse possible to ignore the problem, even pretending like you'd be ok with Kaepernick kneeling during the anthem if he included whites lives. Somehow I think those goalposts would be moved again.





That's the problem man. The whole point of politics is to discuss and resolve issues together as a nation. But instead it's just mud slinging and name calling. I'm careful with who I bring it up with for sure. It's sad. 




If you had just looked at my comment history you'd realize I mainly post in the nfl subreddit. I'm an avid football fan that tries to watch every single redskins game per year. I'm not going to call you an idiot even though your run of the mill knee jerk reaction to who you think I am obviously isn't true. I'm the one laughing boy.




“He's a young multimillionaire without a care in the world. He'll be fine.”

Except he does care. And I’m glad he does. 

Also there’s some trash QBs with starting jobs, he could be worth a little drama. 




Like I said, if youre narrow minded, as you obviously are, youre going to miss the point. Nothing I say will get you to take a look at the bigger picture, thats something you have to decide for yourself. 




I’m not someone that is complaining about them protesting the flag.  I have an issue with the illogical reasoning behind the protest.

But I can see why people have issue with their choice of protest.  I don’t see how anyone can have a problem with the protest of not purchasing NIKE products tho.




The stock movement in the morning will let us know what the shareholders think.  We'll see.




I guess it doesnt matter. Some people will see it your way and some people will see it mine. Isnt that how the dumb fuck we have in office got elected. A house divided leads to everyone elses win but the peoples. 




I like "Rumble Ponies". It sounds like the name of a roller derby squad.




G’head and have my upvote. I didn’t want it anyway. 




Good point.




$700? You could buy a new phone for that. Not an iPhone, but something.




That was before they exited the golf equipment business.  I can assure you that they aren’t selling 700M of golf shoes and polo shirts per year. 




A whole $700 you say? Does that kind of money even exist?




There’s no reason to watch golf when you can just stare out the window. 

Edit - Thanks for the gold, kind stranger. It is the second time I have been gilded, but I still have no idea what it does. Still, I appreciate it!




>Among us non-golfers they are.

I always appreciate seeing a fellow non-golfer in the wild. Do you think we will see a non-golfing President in our lifetimes? 

/r/nongolfers 




If you're wearing Nike stuff because of the black guy who plays golf I don't think you're going to have a problem with their messaging here. 




I think part of it was he was just seen as this unstoppable force that got into peoples heads.  Once his family issues became public and the center of attention, his career really took a nosedive (lack of focus?).  Now he is just like all the other golfers up at the top and is less intimidating to them.  Just my 2¢.




He hates Basketball-Americans




That makes no sense, because why else would the president paint his face orange? 




Hes just jealous cuz hes never had the hops. Didn't have the making of a varsity athlete. 




Oh yeah.  I'm totally down for criticizing dumb beliefs, that's a vital part of the process.  Everyone should be judged fairly by their actions and beliefs (and should *want* to be judged fairly by their actions and beliefs, since that's a vital part of who we are.)

But that requires taking the step of actually assessing individual beliefs and deciding what's good or bad about them.  My objection to the post I was responding to was the implicit assertion that all opinions are of equal value, or that they should all be treated as equally-valid in the public sphere.

That's self-defeating nonsense.  Some opinions are good and some are bad, and we have to be willing to do the hairy controversial work of weighing them, protecting people making noble stands, and criticizing people making terrible ones.




Half of them are wrong though.




True— what’s not true is that all beliefs are created equal and that everything is morally equivalent.




is a co-op not a subtype of "corporation"? I suppose that might vary by jurisdiction.




Play the best song in the world, or I'll eat your soul!




Exactly. There's no point to it. Rowling's become a political celebrity and that doesn't bother me, but saying a character is gay years after the stories were finished just because you can is, in effect, a publicity stunt and nothing meaningful for the books.




would be? is - and honestly, I'm glad that love interest stuff is relatively scarce/unimportant in the books for the most part. I might be an outlier with this, but I take my escapism so far that I read books to feel like a wondering child again, and that'd be a bad fit.




Honestly, it was a bit gratuitous for my taste.  Half the time they weren't even filming.




This is your grandma. I hate them.




Surgeons refuse to transplant suicidal brains.




I think she is a soul less opportunist who pounced on the alt right rhetoric train because it gets her paid.

Of course if you keep saying the same thing over and over and over again you are gonna believe it for real eventually. 

She is definitely a piece of shit there is no doubt about that. 




> A protest does not have to be linked to a map for changes.

I disagree. Having an associated set of attainable goals/changes that may address the larger issue helps people get on board with your movement. It also informs people as to the nature/cause of the problem. It also prevents people from creating false narratives that detract from your mission.

In fact there is a [decent road map for changes in regard to police involved shootings](https://www.joincampaignzero.org/solutions/). Now i may not agree with all of these recommendations overall, but i do love the section on [Policy in regards to use of force](https://www.joincampaignzero.org/force). I commend the people who did the research and looked at various ways police departments have constructed their policies and how those measures are likely to reduce the number of officer involved shootings. When you construct better policies, it restricts the officer's ability to use deadly force. [Take this example from Cleveland](https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2015/may/23/cleveland-officer-not-guilty-shot-137-times-police). Had there been a policy that does not allow high speed chases, this incident would not have happened.




Oh, I totally agree!  Protest must be public to be effective, and Kaepernik has effectively leveraged his position to get maximum exposure.




How often do you think Fox News airs any of that?




https://www.si.com/sportsperson/2017/12/06/colin-kaepernick-charity-giving-donations

He seems to be doing his part as well. 




you weren't aware of it because you didn't care to be aware of it. It's extremely simple




Yeah I think there's a difference between politics and governance. People on the streets campaigning to ban abortion or legalise cannabis are engaging in politics because that's how things get changed, even though they're not in government




By Politics I mean:

> Politics is the way that people living in groups make decisions. Politics is about making agreements between people so that they can live together in groups such as tribes, cities, or countries. 

> In everyday life, the term "politics" refers to the way that countries are governed, and to the ways that governments make rules and laws. Politics can also be seen in other groups, such as in companies, clubs, schools, and churches




Teaching kids that they are evil causes them to act out against them, which feeds the problem...




I support Kaep and always have but we shouldn't make kids hate or love the police. we should make them aware that there are good and bad eggs like in any large group.




Isnt disobeying orders the quickest way to get shot though? I'm not saying it's a good thing things are like that, but the fact someone had the moral high ground hardly seems to matter when you get a bullet put in your chest.




[removed]




Idk if that’s fair, because we don’t really know the details. Elway is known for not really caring about off the field issues, just wants someone who can ball (see Pac-Man Jones and king) so it probably was about money




Iirc his #1 receiver was Jeremy Curly that year too. 




If you segmented what he inferred, the segments would be voting and/or non-voting blocks. And he would be accurate - the 20% Trump-voting block is definitely the fattest and oldest. So he’s actually right, and you interpreted it incorrectly so you can feel like the victim. 




>You seem to be confused that it is possible to be ok with a person protesting, but also want said protester to be better in what they do.

What an absolute bonkers thing to write. You seem to be of the mindset that if a person protests something it should be done as optimally as possible before you deem it a worthy sacrifice.

>He started the political movement in protesting. He could have just played football. 

He wanted both. Why should one exclude the other? For the longest time I were being taught to look at the US as a free society where people had the right to protest injustice without fearing loosing their job or being forced into cowardice by rich corporate owners without there being severe and immediate backlash from the freedom seeking people. 

Today it seems like a ridiculous and antiquated way of looking at the US; a country that through only a few decades have allowed itself to deteriorate into such a degree of ignorance that today almost half of it's own citizens can't even recognize when they are being blatantly lied to by their own president.




Yeah, well at least I found the needle in the hay stack. You seem to actually be self aware and understand not every is going to agree with you and discussing differing views is healthy. 




Empty platitudes. Not unlike the confused antics of Colin Kaepernick.




Who is upset about people not buying Nikes?  Hell, the thread's full of encouragement to go full Keurig and burn the Nikes you have, posting videos.  It was hilarious then, hopeuflly will be even better this time.  And if anyone on the right doesn't have a pair to burn, go buy a few, give 'em to your friends, and hold a shoe burning party!




A days worth of stock change doesn't mean much. The stock might sink then go back to normal in a week or month.




You could probably buy an old iPhone for that amount.




That's a downpayment for an iPhone. 




Friend, have you never heard jim nantz's soothing voice while the Masters theme song plays? That's the official start of G&T season.




I love watching golf, but goddammit that was hilarious




What if I wanna watch someone hit a ball real far?




My God, that would be amazing. A president who doesn't give tw shits about this game.

No more more articles about golf expenses! That guy or girl has my vote!




There's no shortage of racists who still manage to be fans of black sports stars. And Tiger ain't just the black guy who plays golf, he's the greatest golfer of at least the last 30 years, and arguably the greatest ever. 




His career stumbled right after everything came out.  But he struggled for longer because of constant injuries and recovering from surgeries.

This is really the first year he's been back to his regular self, while he hasn't won I think he'll get better next year, especially his putting, which he could have won a couple tournaments without a few missed putts. At that point he'll be back in peoples heads.




It's because Obama was a Basketball-American. 




That's the PC phrase for "ballers"




>Everyone should be judged fairly by their actions and beliefs (and should *want* to be judged fairly by their actions and beliefs, since that's a vital part of who we are.)

I was with ya until the belief judgement part. The First Amendment pretty much outlines you can believe whatever the hell you want to believe, and that's your rice, as much it is somebody else is right tell you that your beliefs are stupid, but the second we start politically judging those is very slippery slope that I'd rather not head down again. Support of a country that allows this freedom and this huge benefits, especially when equating into the fact that the same system that allows the Westboro Baptist Church to go out pulling some seriously dickish moves is also the same system that allows individuals to oppose the current political system sphere personal attacks or Retribution. 


>Some opinions are good and some are bad, and we have to be willing to do the hairy controversial work of weighing them, protecting people making noble stands, and criticizing people making terrible ones.

While I personally agree, I also think that my personal thoughts aren't necessarily what's best for the country. I think the masses should decide, and drown out the cruel and false with statements of logical fact which aren't debatable. 

If we get back to the country of reason, I think a lot of good things come from sound thought and development. Something that this country apparently has slowly turned its back on since about the 1980s from what I gather... the days were politics were actually about the issues and not about what kind of bullshit cynical statements or porn videos that you like. Actions speak louder than words, some people should start acting more and publicly bitching less.






not in the sense I (or hippies) would use it, as a worker-owned collective rather than a hierarchical top-down business structure. 

You could probably have a supermarket or other store that's run as a co-op where everyone's paid the same, but still has to register and get a business license like other businesses, I can't really comment on the legal and tax side that much




So we played the first thing that came to our minds, and it just so happened to be




It bothered me too, but it does explain why Dumebledore got caught up with Gellert Grindelwald and sympathetic to his views: he was in love. But I wish it had been addressed in the book because it felt like she wanted to have her cake and eat it, too

**EDIT:** Just to correct you on one thing, she actually said he was gay three months after the release of the final book, not years after.




You can disagree, that doesn't matter a single bit. You can be against something without having a solution. That's just a matter of fact. I want AIDS to be eradicated. I have no idea how. 




I'm not sure I don't really watch fox. Or any of the major networks. Just what I see in waiting rooms. 

I'd figure that it'd probably at least show up in everyone's Facebook feeds.




That's excellent. I didn't know he did all that as well. I appreciate you taking the time to link that. Thank you.




That's true I didn't look into it further and took it at face value. Lesson learned. In the future I'll do my research before jumping to conclusions.




So then you agree that this isn't a left or a right issue?




The problem is you are giving the state permission to use violence against poor communities of color. The problem isn’t teaching kids about that, it’s about the problem itself, which is the institution of policing. It’s not about evil, it’s about material interests. 




It honestly doesn’t matter if a cop is good when they can kill you without any legal repercussions. You could be the best guy in the world but you are entering a culture that’s toxic to the core. Dismissing these killer cops as bad eggs ignores the actual problems which are institutional. 




what? did you have a stroke mid sentence? That doesn't make any sense.




> What an absolute bonkers thing to write. You seem to be of the mindset that if a person protests something it should be done as optimally as possible before you deem it a worthy sacrifice.

What is "bonkers", is wasting a good opportunity. If you're going to cash-in a platform that took decades of building through talented athletes putting their bodies on the line, at least do it the best you can. 

Also what is bonkers, is criticizing someone else's criticism of a celebrity. So people can only criticize celebs/athletes that you deem worthy of criticism?

>He wanted both. Why should one exclude the other?

If he wants to play football, fine. People can criticize his football. If he wants to politicize football, fine. People can criticize his politics. You both seem to allow self-improvement, but also disallow self improvement (through feedback from others), which is odd. I don't know how you can hold both (opposing) viewpoints at the same time. 

>For the longest time I were being taught to look at the US as a free society where people had the right to protest injustice without fearing [losing] their job or being forced into cowardice by rich corporate owners without there being severe and immediate backlash from the freedom seeking people.

We are free, C. Kaepernick is free to protest at work, and I'm free to want that protest to be more useful than I perceived it to be and post said criticism on the internet.

That said, the James Damore debacle is a shameful act by [Google](https://www.news.com.au/finance/work/at-work/internal-emails-reveal-googles-insane-toxic-culture/news-story/8fc8941ede9d6d92673f2e0ace9b8621). The presidential election is a whole other kettle of fish, if you want to discuss it that's fine, but may derail the topic.







It's very healthy but it's dying. I live in Sacramento, I'm definitely in the minority where I live but I don't hate where I live or my neighbors. We can disagree and still be civil. I don't understand why that's so hard to grasp 




I guess I was alluding to "willing to take the hit."  Nike's shareholders will voice tomorrow whether or not they are "willing to take the hit."





It’s the white noise I fall asleep to....”Hello friends,...”




Is 'G&T season' just getting drunk, passing out to Jim Nantz's soothing voice and not watching golf?




just hit a golf ball with a tennis racket yourself. It basically goes into orbit.




[It's not much surprise given ballers have had to fight an uphill battle for reputation in the wake of the '41 New York City Chaos Dunk Disaster.](https://youtu.be/8F1cOvZ3nS8)




> I was with ya until the belief judgement part. The First Amendment pretty much outlines you can believe whatever the hell you want to believe, and that's your rice, as much it is somebody else is right tell you that your beliefs are stupid, but the second we start politically judging those is very slippery slope that I'd rather not head down again. Support of a country that allows this freedom and this huge benefits, especially when equating into the fact that the same system that allows the Westboro Baptist Church to go out pulling some seriously dickish moves is also the same system that allows individuals to oppose the current political system sphere personal attacks or Retribution. 

Passing judgment is definitely dangerous!  But we still have to do it.  In fact, I would argue that free speech actually *depends* on it - if nobody judges anything, we end up with useless babble; bad ideas drown out good ideas, good ideas never get recognized and uplifted, and so on.  We need to be able to ignore bad ideas, and devote more and more time and attention to good ideas; and this requires passing judgment on ideas and, sometimes, the people who are pushing them.  This carries an obvious risk of sometimes getting it wrong, but trying to treat all ideas or talking-heads as equally valid isn't really an option.  That sorting process *is* the marketplace of ideas - the very term itself implies that some ideas will succeed, and some will wither and die.

(And, again, I don't feel that the people who object to this sort of thing actually, seriously object to the idea of passing judgment on people based on their ideas.  Their objection is to having their ideas, personally, getting rejected or ignored.  But rejecting and ignoring bad ideas is a vital function of a civil society, and certainly everyone has some ideas they're eventually going to regard as unworthy of further discussion.)

> While I personally agree, I also think that my personal thoughts aren't necessarily what's best for the country. I think the masses should decide, and drown out the cruel and false with statements of logical fact which aren't debatable.

Mmm.  To an extent.  "The masses" (the general majority or consensus, I assume you mean) can totally get things wrong, but we don't really have a better option.  So if they start pushing for stuff I think is stupid, I'm going to keep arguing even if I'm the only one left - but I recognize that this might get me marginalized.  And more generally, that consensus consists of a whole bunch of people all pushing their views, so if you trust your own views and opinions you owe it to both yourself and others to get out there with them.

What pisses me off are the people who act like it's unfair or unjust for them to be politically marginalized for having views that general consensus disagrees with; or who try to argue that they see the very act of political marginalization as some cosmic injustice.  That's not a coherent position to take, since society trying to resolve a controversial question inevitably means trying to ultimately marginalize whichever view is found to be wrong.

> If we get back to the country of reason, I think a lot of good things come from sound thought and development. Something that this country apparently has slowly turned its back on since about the 1980s from what I gather... the days were politics were actually about the issues and not about what kind of bullshit cynical statements or porn videos that you like. Actions speak louder than words, some people should start acting more and publicly bitching less.

Ooof.  I think that's a bit nostalgic.  The 24-7 news cycle and the Internet have produced a lot more noise to sort through, sure, but there was *plenty* of [yellow journalism](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yellow_journalism) throughout the 20th century.  It's not like the Willie Horton ad was grounded in some sort of principled, emotionally-neutral fact-based argument, say.




The best song in the world! It was the best song in the world!




Feeds are catered to your interests and social bubble. Most people don't seek out opinions our sources that contradict their worldview.




Well anti-racism is typically considered a left wing movement




It’s more just violence against poor communities. Never mind what race they are. White people get shot by cops, too. The only reason that more black people are shot by cops per capita is that they grow up in a toxic environment teaching them to fear and hate cops, which leads them to be disrespectful and noncompliant when an officer tells them to do something, leading to some poor sod getting shot, then the media over blows it and places all of the blame on the officer in question, leading to a more toxic environment and so on. The cycle will continue to repeat, and I’m hard-pressed to find a solution other than “Be respectful to cops, don’t let your kids join gangs, don’t walk out on the woman you just impregnated, and raise your family right.”




The people in the institution are some those bad eggs.




> Also what is bonkers, is criticizing someone else's criticism of a celebrity. So people can only criticize celebs/athletes that you deem worthy of criticism?

Ha ha, what are you, 12 years old?

>You both seem to allow self-improvement, but also disallow self improvement (through feedback from others), which is odd. I don't know how you can hold both (opposing) viewpoints at the same time. 

Nobody,. except you, think this is about self-improvement. The rest of us are focusing on the clear injustice he is protesting. But whatever makes you sleep better...




Well, even though I support him, Trump doing isn’t the best job of fixing the political hatred.




How do you know this will even be a bad hit?

For all we know this could sell then tons of shoes from supporters and idiots wanting to burn them in protest.




Title: 
New Colin Kaepernick Ads Have Already Created $163 Million in Buzz for Nike

Comments: 
How many buzzes is $163m in buzz?




We need an economist or some shit in this thread, no one has any idea what they're talking about. 




Wtf is 163 million in buzz?




Curiousity here - Can anyone confirm if this ad broke during or after back-to-school peak sales season? Target demographic for this ad is youth right? 




So, what's the going rate for Buzz these days anyway?

And just who is buying and selling this Buzz? Is there, like, some black market for Buzz?




It's fun to live in a culture where complex social issues are used to sell shoes and soda and shit. Advertisers stole America's soul. We can't imagine a world not dominated by it and those who remember are ignored / near death.




 Fan of Kaepernick Ad but not Nike.

If Nike cares about social issues they need to stop using sweatshops.




Selling shoes made by de facto slave labor to fund a PR campaign about oppression is hilariously absurd.




>Nike Inc.’s market capitalization is down $3.4 billion since the company released its latest ad campaign featuring controversial quarterback-turned-activist Colin Kaepernick.

>The latest estimates put the value of the media exposure from the campaign at more than $163 million, according to Apex Marketing Group — almost four times the $43 million tallied in the first 24 hours since the ad debuted.

So, they're still at a $3.2 billion net loss due to the Kaepernick campaign? I'm not in finance, so please, correct me if I'm wrong.




They probably talking about earned media (free press) which is calculated using an EAV (equivalent advertising value) model.

These models are often used by pr/ad agencies to report the value of their own work and usually vastly inflate the numbers to make themselves look good. 

Same as when police find a brick of weed and report that there bust was worth $24,000 on the street (cause although a brick may be worth a couple k when bought as such, brick sold on $5 pinner joints at the mall might theoretically sell for $20k+).

Source: Work on these models for digital media. 




When even the angry people are giving Nike free advertising 




I proclaimed this to be the case as soon as they announced it.

Nike doesnt give a fuck about your societal issues, they are here for your money. 




I imagine that once the December earnings are released we will actually see the result of all of this. 




Damn how do you nit include the first paragraph though?... 

‘Nike Inc.’s market capitalization is down $3.4 billion since the company released its latest ad campaign featuring controversial quarterback-turned-activist Colin Kaepernick.’




Who wants to be paid in Buzz?




[removed]




lol why are people here so butthurt and trying so hard to downplay this. Its almost like they see this in black and white...




I really care less about Nike and Kaepernick but I really like the meme's from it. 




If anyone's interested in their actual sales numbers since the campaign was announced, [this article](http://fortune.com/2018/09/07/nike-colin-kaepernick-sales/) mentions it:

> A new report from Edison Trends says Nike’s online sales grew 31% from Sunday through Tuesday of Labor Day weekend this year. That’s notably better than last year’s 17% seasonal increase.




And 163 million memes. 




None of it means anything if customers don't buy (more) of their products.




I'm still not buying their overpriced shoes.




Exactly as they planned.... the funny part is they got a bunch of anti-capitalist, anti-corporate leftist to rally around a giant corporation in support of a capitalistic cause. Ironic huh?




Companies like Nike, Adidas, UnderArmor, Reebok, New Balance and Jordans are doing more to help alleviate poverty world wide than you are by choosing not to buy from SweatShops. If you want to know why read [**Out of Poverty: Sweatshops In the Global Economy**](https://www.amazon.com/Out-Poverty-Sweatshops-Cambridge-Economics/dp/1107688930/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1536349850&sr=8-1&keywords=out+of+poverty+sweatshops+in+the+global+economy) by Benjamin Powell




Guys, don’t buy nike. I don’t care whether you support their politics or not. They still use chinese sweatshops and add an insane markup that’s only justified by a logo. Don’t support them.




163 million honestly seems like pocket change for a company like Nike, they’re almost a trillion dollar company in net worth




So is this like... the amount people are talking about Nike on TV and online and what that would cost them in ad revenue to buy?




I bought a pair specifically because of the ad.




>Nike Inc.’s market capitalization is down $3.4 billion since the company released its latest ad campaign featuring controversial quarterback-turned-activist Colin Kaepernick.

what is -3.4 billion + 163 million in "buzz?" hint, it is still a very large loss.




The ads are going to alienate some people, and attract some people. The stock market will react to its impression about the net result, among several other factors. As always, they are not going to gauge this accurately and consistently. So if their market cap is down a little, it basically means nothing for the long run.

I personally believe that the ads are going to have a positive effect in the long run. It's almost like 'being on the right side of history' is a good thing.




I finally saw the commercial on tv. It was a really good commercial but when it came to Kaep it just didnt seem to fit well. His part was also really quick. 


I just don't see the big deal about it. 



https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mreQsQrDF-A for those who havent seen it




Not all buzz is monetizable.  I prefer clothing brands that do not divide people.




This is news? Really?




I would be interested to know how they measured the Buzz.  What is the cost of one unit of Buzz?

What is the dollar to buzz ratio?




Maybe I’m doing this wrong but aren’t advertisements supposed to generate sales dollars? 

I mean you can’t pay the rent with all of the buzz you generated... 




To be honest, that ad was pretty good.




Fuck Nike & Fuck Colin Kaepernick 




Smartest NFL football player ever.  Makes millions for Nike with our ever taking a hit on the field. 




This was the best marketing tactic I’ve seen by bike. I’m not saying Nike is using Colin to boost sales because they could actually be doing stuff with Colin for social justice. But i only see this as marketing because you got EVERyONE from both right and left, black and white, poor and rich reacting this. 




Can I pay my rent in buzz?
How many dollars do I get for 163 million buzz?
What's the conversion rate? Same as leprechauns to unicorns?




similarly Harvey Weinstein and Louis CK's allegations have resulted in publicity worth many billions in free advertising, but will also result in reduced commercial success like Nike. 




Nike, who pays workers $1.50 an hour, making a strong political stand. 

Also, "buzz" isn't shoe sales. Puma just got some serious buzz with Jay Z and their new class of sponsored basketball players and likely takes away market share from Nike.

I don't foresee this campaign giving them  a huge boost in $180 basketball shoe sales, nor mesh trail running shoes.

We'll see how it  plays out over the first few weeks of sales, but it's to soon to start pegging sales to an ad that debuted 12 hours ago.




What a convenient distraction from the sweat shops Nike uses. Because of this ad more people are gonna go out and buy Nike further increasing the problem. Shame on Nike 




Man, that boycott's absolutely CRIPPLING Nike. They must really be regretting their decision right now.


^^^/s




I didn't know you could sell Buzz.




While everyone is focusing on the stock market, keep in mind that retailers buy product months in advance and plan their buys sometimes a year in advance. Actual revenue from this ad campaign will not be seen for a while. 




I do this for a living and no one in the earned media industry has used the term Buzz since 2006. That is a bad look for aging TIME. 




The dollar amount is most likely the amount of money the company would of needed to spend to generate the same amount of ad content. Things like newspaper articles, social media campaigns, and minutes on prime-time TV usually cost money. Now people are doing it for them for free.




TIL Buzz is inversely proportional to stock value




I applaud those taking a knee! I agree with the original reasons for the protest and hope at some point we can refocus on those issues. 

That said I support the athletes who are fighting for the right to protest and express their opinion or draw attention to issues they support in what I find as a very respectful, and reasonable way to do so! 

To those who find it disrespectful or even unpatriotic - you don't get what this country is all about and maybe some actually embrace the controversy surrounding the protest as a diversion rather than address the original issues being brought up. Both are rather sad.  




Why is this even controversial? 




This made me look up Nike stock with the intentions of buying...

Then i saw the price...

I tried to look at my bank...

Cant find anything to buy those stocks...


Let me go back to my corner....




163 mill compared to a 4 billion loss (so far). 




They lost 3.4 billion 




This reminds me of that one Michael Jackson music video. You know the one. Right? Ammiright? Yeah! Wooo! HEEhee!




Did someone finally find a way to put a real-world monetary value on upvotes, likes, and smileys?




And it turns out they have been making a killing off the worlds most expensive kindling.




What a journey the narratives surrounding the original protest has taken. It has gone from police brutality to the military and now to nike and sweatshops. Funny how quickly the old stuff gets lost. 




Gunna be back flip into politics for this kid




There are a lot of people boycotting Nike so factor that in. 




The saying goes "you can't buy advertising this good", is still accurate.

The weaponization of politics to sell product.




Believe in something. 

Even if it means making a shitload of money.




Why are people in this thread pretending to be idiots?  The "Hur dur, how much is a buzz worth" comments suck.  In another context if some company gets mentioned a lot in social media they'd happily say something about it being free advertising.   Trump got hundreds of millions of $$ of free exposure during the primaries; ask anyone if they think the countless mentions and invitations to talk to media outless was a hur-dur moment.




Tide made a lot money too when Tide Pods were a meme.  




How does one purchase a single $1 of Buzz?




I will take 163 million buzz plz




obviously. its not like a massive corporation actually cared about the cause




It's alright guys I'm on like day 3 of a high school economics class I'm qualified to speak on this.




How about the indirect advertising from the memes it started? that stuff's priceless and immeasurable 




Oh my god, it’s as if that was the whole point




Conspiracy theorists were right. THE NIKE CHILD SLAVES ARE BEES. THEY'RE FUCKING BEES. OH GOD WHAT HAVE WE DONE.

*flips Jake's table, but not my table*

Fuck u Jake. 




They knew EXACTLY what they were thinking. To answer the president's tweet. 




This number is absurdly low. They’re not counting local news programs that are running this story for hours on end and other mediums. This has generated at least a 500M+ in revenue. 
If one 30 second super bowl ad is $3M... 




How many Schrute bucks is that?




I know a guy that can turn that into $800 dollars. Hint it's me.




Nike is just feeding off of his controversy to make money. They don't care about anything other than people buying their product. Kaepernick wins because he can get money off of not being in football and Nike wins because they're feeding off of somebody else to make a shit ton of cash. 




We live in an age where controversy is a solid enough bet to risk a loss on. 




Now if we could only create some buzz and refocus on the issue that the original knelling for the anthem was about in the first place! 

That seems to have gotten all but totally lost in all the nonsense about it, and now it's about selling some ugly ass overpriced shoes!




Nike is the ultimate troll. Skankhunt.




Buzz probably = “impressions” x avg cost per impression across paid digital marketing channels.

In digital advertising, an impression is an instance of a person viewing your ad.

At a 10% click-through rate (with an average CPC of $0.50), $163M = 32,500,000,000 impressions. 

That means every person in America has seen or heard about this over 100 times since the ad campaign was launched.




Some of that buzz wasn't caused by the ads, but caused by idiots destroying their own property because of the ads.




You could sew a rat into the upper stitching and do that.




Jesus Christ I went to the mall and bought a pair of AF1s for the first time in a couple years and a few stores were sold out and finally found some.  I just realized right now why they were sold out.  It was a coincidence that I bought them today, but I guess there’s a chance I was subconsciously pushed into it.  Kinda trippin right now




What is buzz in real dollars




Interesting the different ways to approach this, depending on your feelings for Trump




Keep cutting up your own socks, clearly it's working.




It would be interesting to see how this ad campaign also effects other sports shoe manufacturers as well.  I live in Maine, where there is a large New Balance shoe manufacturing presence.  When the Kaepernick Nike ad deal came out, Bruce Poliquin, 2nd District congressman in Maine started to tout New Balance shoes on his social media to his constituents (not only to shun Nike, but also to promote a business that is employing a lot of Mainers).

I am already seeing a lot of "Buy New Balance" posts on my facebook friends feed from conservative family members.

Looks like New Balance might also get some free advertising from this for all the facebook political posters wanting to stick it to Nike by buying their competitors shoes thinking they are making a statement.




The Nike execs must have been like: I know Colin Kapernick is a controversial figure, so let's make a contract with him to sell some more shit, that way, people will talk about our deal with him creating hype




Just bought me some Air Freedoms




It also spawned some pretty good memes, so there's that. 




They lost 3 billion but made 160 million and they think it’s a good thing? No wonder they picked that douche.




I thought the ad was pretty cool




Lots of misunderstanding about sweatshops in this thread I recommend Benjamin Powell's Book [**Out of Poverty Sweatshops in the Global Economy**](https://www.amazon.com/Out-Poverty-Sweatshops-Cambridge-Economics/dp/1107688930/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1536349850&sr=8-1&keywords=out+of+poverty+sweatshops+in+the+global+economy) to learn why sweatshops are actually helping people in developing countries to achieve Upward Mobility




So, does $163 million in "buzz" make up for the 3.2% loss in their share price?




They lost over a Billion in stock value, but its all good because they made less than 1/10th of it back.




.. at the cost of a billion in market share. 

Not a good deal for Nike




Yeah, all those idiots that set their shoes on fire had to buy new ones.




But the conservative media told me their stocks "plumetted". Surely they wouldn't be lying about something that can so easily be proven wrong...




As they intended, yall really think they give a shit about Kap? He don't even play a sport.




The objective of advertising: get people talking about your product so that when they think about the items they think of your brand.

Nike makes a social stand knowing it will piss off the dwindling racist right. They go out of their way to video themselves doing stupid shit like cutting the swoosh off their clothing destroying their clothing in the process (oooohh so tough) boom, free advertising. Nike looks to be the social Knight in shining armor to millennials, boom, sales bump.




Excerpts from another story covering the situation via [L.A. Times Online](http://www.latimes.com/sports/sportsnow/la-sp-kaepernick-nike-ad-reaction-20180907-story.html) :

>Last fall, it began stipulating that players and coaches in events on its campus “show respect for the American flag and national anthem.”

>“In their new ad campaign, we believe Nike executives are promoting an attitude of division and disrespect toward America,” school President Jerry C. Davis said in a statement.

I'M SORRY I THOUGHT THIS WAS AMERICA??????????? In what backwards fucking bizarro country do I fucking live? No one HAS to show respect for the anthem if they don't want to. Me not standing or whatever for the anthem does not hinder anyone else's rights. AM I IN NORTH KOREA???




I am planing exclusively buying Nikes for a few hears. 




The idea (and I've read it plenty on Reddit) that there could be a damaging backlash against the Kaepernick campaign has to be one of the funniest things I've read in a long time.
I mean, how will Nike possibly survive without the revenue of fat, elderly, white racists? They're surely the beating heart of their core market.




good for nike. I bought some shoes yesterday!




Buzz to me is Marketing to Sales # not stock price based. So, I work in marketing "lead generation" of a fortune 500 company. typically this is a combo of factors, basically, this is how I think Nike is basing this "Buzz" dollar figure for consumer marketing in simplified short explanations. 

First thing is impressions (# of eyeballs on ads essentially) seeing how this went viral and garnered a ton of media attention including the president of the united states. this number is huge. 

Now in consumer marketing these "Impression" numbers can be translated/converted at a percentage into visits to your website or webstore (usually one in the same) for example. (this number is also likely larger than normal)

All tracking metrics you can roughly determine your conversion rate (Pipeline) of visits to webpage to purchase. I am also sure they know roughly what each purchaser from their website buys and can calculate out the average store purchase dollar amount. 

So I am assuming it breaks down to what is their Impression to webpage conversion rate, Then take there website visitation numbers and multiplied by the average deal size. 

A couple of variables is the sales cycle aka time for a consumer to see ad to making a purchase. So maybe a consumer doesn't buy a piece of Nike gear today or this weekend but 1 month when they are in the sporting good store and looking at comparable brands at comparable prices they may be inclined to go with a company that supports their values. So I am assuming they also are factoring in sales cycle time into this calculation since they are probably only operating on a current number of impressions (3 days I think) and current web traffic generation I believe. 

Gross assumptions, but this 163M buzz number seems plausible to me:
3.2 billion people in the world have internet (so well assume this is target market since they need to clothed and have the internet to buy) and around half heard of the "Nike thing" *impressions*. Then we take 3% (this is low due to ppl wanting to watch the video)  actually visited the store (48M), webstore converts 3% (Average conversion rate based on work experience) of those visits to sales (1,440,000 purchases over course of marketing campaign). average purchase of $113 dollars = $163M (which is close to the average of purchasing 2 things).

Idk if anyone is going to find this interesting or not, not even sure why I decided to explain it, I just find it fascinating. 





Buzz = money? How do i get in on this?




Got to hand it to Nike, they sure do know how to exploit. 




Always funny how they spin off their creative accounting.

Sure maybe they had global sales of 163M, but you can’t say that is a result of their recent advertising.






So pissing of half the customers is now called buzz? At least wait till the results come out.




But all of the cut up tube socks and burnt shoes!!!!!!




Real winner here is Nike and the game is money. We all got played.




Instead of burning all your Nike gear, give it to homeless shelters or charity's




That article was completely meaningless. Every word devoid of any meaning.




Why are we cheering on Nike for appropriating a movement that was about police brutality and racism and instead making it about shoes?




That will help sell millions of dollars in shoes and shirts made in third world factories by preteens. Yay Nike.




Nike’s message is reaching the people who buy the most expensive Nikes. The people burning their Nikes are people who dont buy the premium shoes. The company can survive without those people. 




Nike made a calculated move when they signed Kaepernick . Risk losing the middle aged racist white customers gain the new generation of kids who are into hiphop and black culture. Easy calculation 




This is a bullshit deflection. Nike has also lost many contracts collectively worth more starting with the university of Alabama. 




I don’t think anyone who doesn’t already like Nike gear is suddenly going to start dropping loads of cash for their stuff because of this ad. But sure as hell people who did like Nike are going to walk away from them forever. While Hollywood and the media applaud and tell us how great this is for Nike, they will lose busines because of it.. 




Lol it’s crazy how people don’t see how blatantly obvious it is that Nike did this for the publicity. This is exactly what they wanted and some. 




I could care less what Kaepernick does, I think people have the right to do what they want, that includes kneeling and includes people getting upset about the kneeling. And includes private companies telling their employees while they are on their dime they have to follow their rules. It's the law of the land. 

However, Kaepernick isnt on a team because of kneeling, hes a sub par QB whose preformance cost him a playing job, and his actions cost him a practice squad job. Am a former D1 football player, so I have some knowledge on the topic. 




"We're going to need some more kids in here to make all of these new shoes."   CEO of Nike




Gained $163 million, but lost $3.4 billion in market cap.




It worked on alt rights like a charm... they really helped amplify the message,  if not intentionally 




Keep burning your own property red hats. You're, like, a really smart person. 




LOL somehow "quarterback-turned-activist" makes me chuckle

How anyone can't see it was always a self serving publicity stunt I don't understand.

Kudos to him. Worked out incredibly well.




I gotta say. I didn’t really care what shoe I wear as long as tyre comfortable. But now I’ll be sure to try on Nikes before making a decision. 
I’m an American, I support freedom of expression. If you don’t, in my opinion, you’re less of a patriot than I am. 




What buzz? The internet buzz. What the fuck is the internet?




They dropped 2 and a half points day of.




It works. Went and bought a pair of Nikes recently. 




I don't even like Nikes but I'm buying a pair.  Is there a Kaep model?




I still don't get why anyone gives a flying fuck about Kaepernick, the only reason he kneeled is because his football career was already over and figured he could get a reaction.




Lol awesome for them hope they enjoy the 4 billion they lost in stock :) 




This guarantee they will alienate at least a significant amount of the population that might be purchasing Nike products.  This is very very stupid on their part.




When people say MSM... this is the thing they are talking about. 

&#x200B;

These people are trying to spin an objectively bad decision for Nike into a positive by any means necessary. 




Alternate headline: “redneck racists and Nazis drive Nike stock even higher and bring even more public awareness to peaceful protest against racism.”




He didn't take back up money to stay in the league, but he's probably making starter money from Nike. Nice hustle.




Kap hasnt kneeled in over 2 years? Why is it so upsetting?




I am glad I cut cable and don’t have to see crap like this. 

Good on Nike for picking a side. I know I’m pumped for some politically charged social justice shoes! I’m also pretty sure everyone in America needs more politics in their lives, especially in sports that are supposed to be about teamwork and sportsmanship. 




No it didn't. It doesnt take an economic degree to figure out this bad math 




Mission accomplished. Don’t play the game. 




I have heard the word Nike far more often in the last 2 days than I have in the last 6 months.  Good for them, they didn't have to pay X amount in advertising.  Still not going to buy their expensive crap only to be reminded of the douche bags who wore them in school.  Who even is Colin Kaepernick anyway?




Hey Is buzz worth as much as exposure because ive been working for that for a while now and its not really paying the bills..

May need to start asking for buzz instead




How much lost in market cap?




Yet every demographic including liberals view them less favourably after this. Lol 




Nice way to spin losing $3 billion - "we *actually* made millions!".  Ha, right, and Nike is STILL down billions.  Losing BILLIONS for hiring one person.  Bad move.




And how much did the stock drop?




I said this on another thread the other day, but what if this whole thing is just a "long con"

Kaepernick has been on nike's payroll since 2011, would it be that far fetched for this to be orchestrated? He was a decent player but not like someone to carry a team to a super bowl. 

And just to clarify I'm not saying anything about the actual kneeling or the cause behind it, simply that it may not have been *his* idea




Cool. Now the CEO can donate more to the GOP.




Any publicity is good publicity.  Everyone is talking about Nike right now, and has forgotten the other shoe companies.




Dudes. Kaep was my best fantasy player the first year I had him. He f*cked me the next two years. He had, like, -42 pts one week bc of INTs. The next year he sat. The next thing I heard, he was suddenly kneeling to protest. Ugh. "Sacrificing everything"? Yugh. Blugh. Fugh.




Wow.  Completely offsets the 5 billion lost on the first day of the campaign. 




Didn’t their stick take a shit 




I'll trade you 82 hubbubs and 31 back-alley mutterings for 91 buzzes and 3 hooplahs.




650,000,000 Schrute bucks. 




You gotta ask a bee




Approximately 20% of a buzzfeed




That's fifteen and a half.... brapples!




How much does one buzz cost? Do they come in six, twelve, or twenty four packs, like beer? 




Economist here. I, also, don't know what im talking about. 




I mean it's going to be impossible to tell until earnings are reported to know if the ad campaign had an effect, if at all. 




$163 million in buzz? What does that even mean?

Nobody knows what it mean, but it’s provocative and gets the crowd going. 




Spoilers: neither do economists half the time and they'll admit it




The primary thing is to see the quarterly financial report which won't come out until the end of their financial quarter 




You just summed up every thread on Reddit regarding politics and economics




Bring in the buzz to sales ratio charts.




Any economist will tell you we need to wait for more information. 

What we have so far:

Initial stock value drop after the announcement. Adidas, and other shoe companies, saw similar drops so it's impossible to say if the campaign caused the Nike drop. Nike is back up a bit since then. 

Online sales increased from last year. Last year, they had something like a 17% increase during the holiday. This year, that increase was 31%. We don't know if that increase is the result of the ad. Essentially, the only thing we know is the ad did not cause a massive drop in sales. 




Lmao, someone who knows what they’re talking about on reddit?




In general, views and clicks on ads are valued, sometimes more based on the demographic clicking. 

This Nike ad has driven X amount of views = $160 million 




You don’t need to be an economist to know that if people are talking about your brand, you’re going to make more money. 





Give me a one-handed Economist. All my economists say 'on hand...', then 'but on the other...-Harry Truman





As someone who is taking ECON 1000, I can confirm this is good news but it could have some downsides possibly maybe.

Also produce until MC = MB




That wouldn't help. Unless we have access to the data they use. Even then we would need someone who can do valuation. There saying the internet backlash for and against them has generated that much in marketing that they would have had to pay that much to get otherwise.




Some shit here. I don't know what I'm talking about. 




Some shit here. I stink at my job so I can't help you out.




well if u really think about it, all money is fake, so does it really even matter?




I'm convinced economists don't either tbh




Yes, welcome to Reddit 




Not an economist

Nobody will know the financial impact until late fall, early winter

\Thread




NFL is the one that keeps losing, haha. I don't care for the NFL either way, I just find it funny that no matter what they keep taking big ratings hits, Trump tweeting and Nike virtue signaling both devastate them. RIP NFL. 




I took an economics class back in the day and got this. $163M in Buzz is simply funny money - absolutely worthless. 




An economist?  Holy hell.  There's no reason to add to the confusion.  
  
Economics is not a science; it's not even a social science. It is an antisocial theory. It assumes behavior is rational. It cannot calculate for contradiction, culture, altruism, fear, greed, love or humanity at all.

Economic paradigms are just human constructs, not natural phenomena.




Well Mr. JewPewTurd if that is your real name even, why don't you go to university and become one and then tell us?




Well when is Papa Nike going to resign? /s




Every tweet, retweet, YouTube video, etc has a value to the company. As a marketing department, you pay for views. People spreading the message for you is done for free that would have otherwise cost you money.

So basically they would have had to pay that amount to get the same number of views that they got for free. 




Something to make you not think about the fact that they lost many billions in the process of creating this 163 million in :"buzz"




Think free PR. 




True. If they’re running the data right, I believe they should be controlling for annual fluctuations. Unless Freakonomics and the first three weeks of my MBA have been lying to me...




That's a really good point.




I came to post this. Good thought and I’m curious as well. It’s also the very beginning of football. People are buying fan gear. 




What's the ratio of Buzz to Schrute Bucks?




This is good for Buzzcoin.




So I need like 3 beers to get a buzz going.  That's like $18 dollars at a bar.  So that's like 9,055,556 beers. 




what is the exchange rate between buzz and exposure?




Buzz Aldrin? 




My guess is it’s marketing buzz. I can tell you what the going rate for an influencer mention would be, what it would equivalently cost for a cpc campaign, or how many tv/radio spots traditional advertising a buzz might be... it’s a lot




It's called earned media. They paid zero money and generated a lot of news articles. Calculate how many people viewed those articles and how much it would cost you to get the same number of viewers to look at your brand. A press release generated positive sales...so it worked. 






Buzz sells, the problem is no one is buying.




It’s an actual measurement in the industry.... I like how people who have no knowledge of advertisement or finance want to weigh in. 
 
“Nike is failing because it lost 3.2bn” ya, ok dude. 




[deleted]




> what's the going rate for Buzz these days anyway?

It's funny when non-sales people try to pretend like sales and advertising terminology isn't a thing just because they're not familiar with it.

Google something.




Have you looked in to the working conditions of all the other brands you buy?  They ALL use sweatshops.  Even high end brands.




I’m guaranteeing nearly everything you own that isn’t handmade personally was made under illegitimately in conditions much worse than what you’re comparing to Nike. 




How else will they make sweat pants and sweat shirts? 




You will be hard pressed to find an economist (even Paul Krugman) who says sweatshops are bad.

They're the hallmark of an economy transitioning from impoverished to developed.  Were it not for sweatshops, China, Hong Kong, Malaysia, and Singapore would not be where they are today 




Sweatshops being a good thing is one of the few things economists agree on.




[deleted]




I feel like this is a completely astroturfed talking point. 

The only places talking about Nike "sweatshops" are places like Breitbart and Infowars. 

Nike is no more reliant on sweatshops than literally any other apparel company that employs overseas.  




Nike doesn't care what you think. They’re only using Kaepernick to sell shit to you. Karpernick is only in it for the money.




[deleted]




They don’t care about issues, this is a brilliant marketing move. 

Nobody cares about issues. 




They only care about social issues that’ll sell more shoes.




Local shoe shops are happy to have your foot size.  Just go to Mickey's Bewwwts, you'll find em in downtown Auburn. 




http://mallenbaker.net/article/clear-reflection/nike-and-child-labour-how-it-went-from-laggard-to-leader




Everything Americans own comes from sweatshops. Only rich mother fuckers can afford handcrafted items from artisans. 





Who else would you recommend make the goods? Americans sure as hell won’t work those jobs. 




If Kaepernick care about social issues, he needs to stop using Nike. Am I doing it right?






"typed from my iPhone"




Sweatshops are great jobs in the countries they're in.




They care about free ad impressions and brand loyalty in emerging youth demographics. 




Sweatshops are good, employment there is voluntary and desired compared to alternatives. They increase the wealth of the area rapidly and function as transitions to better-paying jobs.




The people working in those shops are there by choice and making a decent wage for that local economy. $1 there sure as hell isn't $1 here. It goes miles further. 

You should listen to the NPR pieces on the subject. Even though you rail against it and everything, the people over there see it as finally having some hope to go to school and be something greater some day.

Do I want them to have better conditions and more pay? Sure, I also want world peace and no poverty.




Do you really think they made this Ad because they are super concerned about social issues ? 

Or do you think they are trying to capitalize on something that's popular with their customers and/or trying to gain attention by using something controversial ? 

Also when it comes to Kaepernick....I feel like I'm taking fucking crazy pills ? 

This guy is a civil rights hero now ?  His sacrifice consisted of literally going from  standing to one knee... 

If you are standing right now, you can try it out for yourself to experience the sacrifice... 

Yea... it blew up into a ridiculous shitstorm, and *it turned into* something that put his career in jeopardy... but that doesn't mean it he had any idea it was going to be so risky from the outset... it's very plausible that he initially thought he'd mostly get praised... 

Yea, he "bravely" continued to go down to one-knee despite the backlash... but as someone that's a stubborn bastard... I'd probably leave my nuts in a vice if enough people gave me shit for doing it in the first place... 

Also, let's not pretend like he wasn't receiving just as much praise as criticism, if not much more... 

Finally... speaking of the shitstorm that his "protest" created... it didn't happen because the guy was super brave...

The shitstorm happened because what he was protesting was simply not communicated very clearly by his form of protest...  

Yes, I'm aware he was protesting police brutality... but do you think most football fans are going to see a guy kneeling during the national anthem and then bother to google what his reasons are for doing it ? 

Can we be honest ? Was this really the best or even one of the better ways he could think of to protest police brutality ? How much effort did it take on his part ? 

Did it really even make any sense to kneel as a form of protest ? Honestly... did it really ?  

The Police are largely state and local entities, there is very little federal control of these organizations. 

Expressing criticism for your country during an unjust war makes perfect sense... but criticising the country as a whole because various police forces are fucked up or have fucked up training or several judges are making fucked decisions ? Is that failure on a national level ? 

Maybe I'm wrong, maybe Kaepernick desperately wants federal regulation of police training and he's kneeling to protest congresses lack of legislation on this issue... Although I'm pretty sure he could have said something about it if that was the case... 

Maybe I'm a cynical fuck, but to me his efforts rank as Twitter hashtag level slacktivism that somehow turned into a comedy of errors clusterfuck. 








Sweat shops aren’t a social issue, there are so many issues regarding that but it’s not a social one. 




They've tried by continuously auditing the factories and whatnot. I'm a communist so I don't support the exploitation of labour by any corporation like that, but they're no more of an offender than any other large clothing company like that. The issue comes from Nike not actually operating in China and leaving it to Chinese factory owners to regulate how those places work. What happens is a Chinese factory owner somehow bribes the local police into not investigating his factory in order to be able to make more profits for himself. China needs to step up their regulations even more, but they need to do so with a human rights mindset. They are ignoring this stuff to a degree because of the sheer amount of money it's giving China as a whole and how exploiting these labourers is enabling them to have the financial resources to progress their country at incredible speeds. I'd say that the rights of the labourers are more important than faster progress.




Whataboutism.  Stop it.




I don't buy any sports label clothing for the label I buy it because it works and is comfortable - If it isn't then I don't buy it - haven't owned any nike shoes in decades, and pretty much have gym shirts and that's it...this is all a bunch of media hype and man the conservative evangelical and nationalists  have taken the bait hook line and sinker.




I'm not a Kaepernick fan, but I still rock air force ones. Great simple shoe.

Here is my problem with the ad. he "sacrificed everything?"

1. Still a millionaire.

2. He sucks at football that's why he doesn't play. he went 3-16 his last two years, you might say that's the teams fault, but in the 14 games he didn't play, the team went 11-3. He just sucks.

3. He could be a bad backup for Cleveland or something, but it's not worth all of the media attention over a back up.

4. Elway said he would have taken him but Kaepernick scoffed at $7 million a year. He sucks and his ego wouldn't let him take the best offer he would get.




> So, they're still at a $3.2 billion net loss due to the Kaepernick campaign? 

Their market capitalization is down, a couple of billion, which isn’t surprising since they have 1.6 billion outstanding shares, which means the cap changes by a billion dollars for every 0.625 point change in their stock price. 

Today alone it dropped by about $600 million early, then rose by $1.5 billion, then dropped by about $300 million in the last 15 minutes. When your overall cap is over $130 billion this stuff is more or less noise. 




Probably worth noting that their current market cap is 129.0B.  They were at 132B in late august before the announcement. 

Also worth noting that even at 129B, they're cap is higher than it's been nearly the entire summer (well, since late June, which recorded 114B)

So, it's not really accurate to say they took a loss unless you're only looking as far back as a week or 2.

My info is from ycharts FYI 

Edit: finally worth noting that the cap is actually on its way upwards as of the past day or so 




So much misinformation in the replies to this comment.

Their stock price went lower after the announcement, yes. That has no direct relation to their revenue or profit, which is what a "net loss" would be based on. The stock market does not typically like controversy so it's not unusual to see stocks head lower after such an announcement.

Nike will announce earnings in less than three weeks. That's probably too little time to know how much of an impact the ad deal had. The earnings after that will be in December. That's the one you want to watch to see if Nike's really in trouble. If it's not expect I'd expect the stock to fully rebound and even go higher.




Pretty obvious you're not in finance, you don't seem to be part of reality either. if Nike makes zero business decisions tomorrow, and the stock price fluctuates on Monday, does that mean The CEO put his pants on wrong?




The fall in value likely isn't due to the Kaepernick campaign as Adidas value is also down by 2%, not far off Nike's 3% fall 




It’s the stock market value of the company, not profit/loss; it’s just too early to say if/how sales will change.
And the broad market has overall been down the last few days; it is disingenuous to make a statement Nike’s market cap changes without comparing them to the market at large.  But this is the kind of low reporting I expect from Time.




Market cap does not indicate a loss of *anything* for Nike, the company.

It doesn't even indicate a loss for its shareholders unless they sell their shares.

And in most all cases, these "losses" are recouped in a month and then some.

EA (the gaming company) has had numerous (NUMEROUS) single-day market cap losses amounting to billions and billions of dollars... They always recover and make their shareholders money no matter how shit headed their practices are. [Like clockwork](https://imgur.com/a/owb6S5U)

Though I'll admit this last one from battlefront 2 has stuck around a bit longer... They'll bounce back no matter how much we all wish they wouldn't 




If that was how money worked we wouldn’t have accountants. Down only exist on paper till something is sold. Any publicity is good publicity and has value. 




I'll offer you a slightly different way to look at this and also market adjust this.  NKE is a 0.6 beta stock to the SP500.  This means that if the SP500 goes up 1.0%, NKE should go up 0.6%.  If the SPY goes down -0.5%, NKE should go down -0.3% (-0.5% * 0.6 = -0.3%).  Simple.

The SPY has been down this week -.62% meaning that all other things being equal, NKE 'should' have been down -0.37%.  This translates to ~490M of market cap NKE 'should' have lost.  Instead they lost (as of right now) $2.37B in market cap - that means that NKE lost 4.83x the 'expected' mkt cap dollars.  I'm not going to do the analysis b/c I'm dicking around while I eat lunch, but I'll bet that's at least a 2-2.5 sigma move for a stock that's 0.6 beta (beta below 1 means low volatility, and beta below 0.75 means very low volatility).  That's a *huge* non-earnings move in a normally sleepy stock.

The math on this is complicated, but if you take the current Wall St estimates as accurate (this is a big if), you can take the current valuation metrics and back into the total impact implied by the change in stock move.  At a constant valuation, the change in stock price translates to appx ~$415M in lost revenues to NKE and ~$37M in lost income over appx the next ~18mo.

People keep saying, 'this isn't a big move' - yes, its a big move.  Irrespective of your opinion on NKE/Kaep, this is a big move.  If you disagree, and 1) think that people are overreacting and people will continue to buy nike shoes, and 2) the revenue/net income numbers I laid out are too high, then put your money where your mouth is and load up on NKE all day long. 

Source: have worked a long time on Wall St




Yes, market capitalize is important but that is a bad way of valuing a company.  There are other external factors that can affect stock prices (overall market trends, health of economy, health of the sector, etc.) and even internal factors can be short lived. 


Stocks fluctuate a lot in the short term.  Any one saying a company just wiped off billions of dollars because their stock prices dropped a couple points today, while technically true, doesn't capture the whole picture.  It is always important to look at long term trends, so even a company losing a billion dollars in market cap today, can make 2 billion tomorrow.  

The far more important factor is the intrinsic value of a company: basically how their future cash flows are and how it is growing is relation to the economy (or treasury bonds).  Honestly, anything done today, no one will have a clear idea of the impact until several months or years into the future.  We can predict how it will impact Nike's cash flow, but until we get actual values, there is no way to know.  

Nike is a smart company, though, that has had steady growth for decades.  A cash cow like them don't make decisions without intensely vetting them.  I would assume the Kaepatrick ad and the impact it would have on Nike was analyzed over and over again before any decision was made.  No one knows Nike's customers and markets better than themselves.  So maybe the ad might anger a lot of people, but those people probably weren't the ones buying their stuff or even a potential market to go into.  




You are wrong in that the stock price is temporary and will go back up. plus it's not like someone took money out of their register. The company did not lose money just some investors who might have sold





Completely wrong




That's how the math worked out for me, too. The headline seems a bit disingenuous. 




Their market cap isn't gonna affect my purchases of their products.

But this ad campaign will probably get me to buy a pair of Nikes this weekend.




Companies dont do everything for capatialistic means. Sometimes they do things out their beliefs as a company and their values and virtues that company stands for. I dont know Nike's mission statement but I'm sure it's the reason they're doing what they doing. Missions Statements are every important to companies and holding true to their values are important to companies contrary to what people have been told and what people believe. So yes they're taking a financial hit but financial gain was not the desired outcome here. And that is evident that it's not because they're continuing to stand behind Kaepernick. 




Who cares about Market cap? It lost a couple points - great buying opportunity for those that see through the hype of the hate.

&#x200B;

Worldwide sales will increase because the rest of the world sees the USA for exactly what it is, and would stand behind Kaepernick and not participate in the slash and burn of hate memes. Nike knows it's market...and old white America is not it.




Id rather be paid in gum.




it's not next to useless. 

short term market trends are more useless than advertising potential. 




At most, they're paying Kaepernic $10 million/year.

For each $1 they spent, they got $16 worth of consumer attention. This marketing team is going down in Nike corporate legend books.

[Their market cap is surging](https://www.marketwatch.com/investing/stock/nke) -- currently at $129.4B from $80B a single year ago.

They're only problem here is they likely signed him to a 5 year contract, which means in 5 years, he's going to want double. Or maybe, just maybe, they'll play it like Comedy Central did with South Park, and come back to him and say "Look, you were worth a little more to us than anybody expected, so to keep you a happy client/partner, we're going to give you a little bonus here..."




You mean you can't pay dividends with "buzz"?




per [Fortune.com](http://fortune.com/2018/09/07/nike-colin-kaepernick-sales/)

> A new report from Edison Trends says Nike’s online sales grew 31% from Sunday through Tuesday of Labor Day weekend this year. That’s notably better than last year’s 17% seasonal increase.




Forward PE of 25 indicates they're probably still growing FWIW.




I walked past a nike store yesterday and it was like there was a party going on, people doing synchronized backflips to dance music. People were walking out with handfuls of bags.




No, they got normal people to think they are less shitty. Acknowledging police brutality against black people isn't a partisan issue. Every educated person is aware that it's a problem.




Yeah, funny how people [started caring about that all of the sudden](https://i.imgur.com/EDhX1pP.png)




What competitors of theirs dont use cheap overseas labor?




Sweatshops are good for poor people and not buying from sweatshops doesn't change anything and if anything makes sweatshop workers worse off.




It's simple. Nike believes there will be more people on Kaep's side than those opposed to him 




> I personally believe that the ads are going to have a positive effect in the long run. It's almost like 'being on the right side of history' is a good thing.

Wall St doesn't care about the "right side of history." There's successful companies who worked for Nazi Germany. There's successful companies who profited from American/New World slavery. The workers who ship Amazon orders or build iPhones are treated like shit, and those companies are worth $1T+ each. 




I still don't know whether or not to buy up some stock while it's still muddling low-ish.




You think history cares about football games?




Globally speaking, Trump isn't all that popular outside of places like Russia. 




This. It's almost like fighting against racism and misogyny will be rewarded by consumers.




> His part was also really quick.

He's also narrating the entire commercial. 




This is the first time I've seen the commercial so thanks for the link.

I think it fits though. His dream is to end police brutality and he's narrating a commercial about the dreams of a lot of other people. It wasn't focused on him, but he was used as a sort of cornerstone for believing in something even if it means sacrificing everything, which is appropriate. Even more so since, in his part, they had him looking at the flag.

Anyways, just my thoughts.




1 buzz dollar = -18 buzz dollars

&#x200B;

losing 3 billion to make 163 million




It's a good campaign.




And hopefully with the new money he earns he will continue to donate and support outreach programs. Seems like a win for everybody but the racists burning their shoes 




No they're not using him, they're paying him. Such sacrifice.




Nike doesn't pay workers $1.50 an hour. Nike subcontracts out the manufacture of their apparel to third-world companies, which pay their own employees (for example) $35500 Vietnamese Dong per hour.

Unlike most other manufacturers, Nike also polices their subcontractors to try to prevent abuses.  They've also done things like buy vacations for their subcontractor's workforce by buying out the entire facility's production for a week.

So far from being the worst manufacturer to work for in these third world countries, they're one of the best.

Third world jobs just suck, in general.









>Nike, who pays workers $1.50 an hour, making a strong political stand. 

It's not ideal but how much would those workers make per hour without Nike? And $1.50 here isn't $1.50 everywhere. 




But black football man no stand. Ree.




You can buy and sell buzz all over the place. 

That's what the 'give gold' button is for.




Or actual losses will not be immediately seen.




Um....sales were up over 30% the last week or so...….




The headline is written so that Time's reader base can easily understand the idea... not people in the ad industry.




Because some people are too sensitive. 





Mostly because Kaepernick is a moron; he's plainly said that he doesn't even vote and it's been reported that he's got some really questionable views on government in general (communism, etc.). 

The idea that he's sacrificed anything is also laughable- if anything his campaign has only gotten him more popularity and money when he would have otherwise washed out of the NFL or quietly backed up some other QB. It's pretty much an insult to everyone who actually has sacrificed everything. One frequently referenced person who did sacrifice everything was the NFL player Pat Tillman, who gave up his NFL career to enlist after 9/11 and later died in Iraq. 




You can buy fractional shares... stock price really isn't an issue.




And got most of it back the next day. Similar pattern to other shoe brands. It's almost like stocks fluctuate.




The stock is up 25% YTD. Something tells me they'll be fine.




Yeah and gave their money to other companies 




You for sure dont. Hell I dont care if you pledge undying support for ISIS on the field. We dont have to be and arnt friends. But I would never want to be on a team with you. We would be completely incompatible because we have different values. Its okay (should be)  to have different values.  




The fact that everyone's talking about it means the campaign is a success.




Yeah all it really means though is that their shitty ad campaign got a lot of views. That doesn't translate to sales though.

Tons of social media pointing out their hypocrisy in using exploited workers so it's not exactly great PR. Now they'll have to do damage control on that front.




No, this is genius on Nike's part. Have you looked at all the pics of racists, Klansmen, Confederates, etc.? Fat old men are not buying Nikes, and never were. They are pissing off virtually no customers.




I fucking love how things are working together that our country is apparently divided into young people that are woke and racists... nothing in between or just all together unrelated.... 

Have you heard the new Pusha T diss ? No ? Fucking racist.

Have you heard the new Pusha T diss? O you liked it ?  Yea but as a white guy the only way you can experience black culture is via cultural appropriation, so I don't think you should really speak on that... 

Let's all practice social and psychological self segregation... that's really fucking enjoyable when we actually live in a diverse society... 

I love walling myself of from fellow human beings and feeling uneasy about conversing with them simply due to their race or whatever other bullshit category we've decided that we need to separate into at the moment. 

I'm starting the "Fuck Your Identity" party... who's with me ? 




Have college teams started to drop them ? I haven’t heard that yet




The people who agree with this ad probably already bought Nike gear. They will continue to buy the same amount of Nike products as they would before, maybe a little more to show their support.

But the people that disagrees with Kaepernick and will boycott Nike over this are not going to give a cent more to Nike. Anecdotally I know 6 or 7 people I’ve talked to who aren’t going to buy any more Nike gear for themselves or their family. That’s 1000s of dollars when you add up clothes, shoes, and sporting equipment for a family of 4. 

The gains Nike sees from this aren’t going to cover those people that they lost and this was a ill-advised move by them.




> How anyone can't see it was always a self serving publicity stunt I don't understand.

Probably because of all the related stuff that he’s done quietly. That and the fact that he’s not the one that called attention to this, it was all the mouth-frothers  who made a big deal out of it, not him. 




> How anyone can't see it was always a self serving publicity stunt I don't understand.

Yeah, I can't think of a single reason to be upset about our police forces disproportionately murdering unarmed black men, or our courts giving black men harsher sentences for the same crimes as white men.

... Well, at least the most backwards third of this country sees that as a feature anyway.




> LOL somehow "quarterback-turned-activist" makes me chuckle

Byron White was a "running back turned Supreme Court justice" - with a couple Bronze Stars in between, too.  




You ever think that maybe everybody else *isn't* cynical and selfish, and it's just you?




I think he was well intentioned enough. But the message has been bastardized to the point that a new one is needed. At this point I don't see what good it does anyone anywhere to name-call for misinterpreting the message, I.e. not standing for the flag. I see their point but a large percentage of the population took offense to it. There are other avenues to deliver their message.




And then recovered most of it. They’re also up around 25% YTD. 




Lmao at you thinking temporary market cap changes mean shit




Wasn't due to the ad. Way way too early to see the results of the ad campaign. Wait for earnings reports in December




Dunno, their marketing campaign has literally became a meme.

I had no idea about any of this, but it's went so viral that a guy in Scotland now knows this guy's story 




Just don't burn down your house trying to burn your Nike gear.




That remains to be seen. They'll still get plenty of sales from Nike buyers who support Kaepernick, those who don't care either way, and those who can't live up to their boycott beyond a certain amount of time. That's still a lot of people compared to just those who decide to boycott and stick to it.




I have heard their brand mentioned in a negative light wayyyyyyy more the past 2 days than the past 20 years. This chance of theirs goes both ways.




3.4 Billion....




it's gone up




It’s up 25% YTD. 




Yeah, it would be that far fetched.




No one cares about your fantasy team. 




Sounds like a lot of hooplah to me




You know, I've had in my possession for many years, an as-new-condition hullabaloo. I might let you take it off my hands for those 82 hubbubs. And you can keep the back-alley mutterings for a rainy day.





$3bb market valuation loss but they got $167mm in buzz

Hope it wasn’t bitcoin buzz




I'd take it




Maybe they mean "buzz"ards? they're expensive, especially wild "buzz"ards. 




What about Stanley nickels? 




I came here for this. r/unexpectedoffice 




Gimmie 5 bees for a quarter! 




First thing my professor told us in ECON 1000: (1) for every economist, there is an equal and opposite economist, and (2) if you laid all the economists in the world end-to-end, you still wouldn't reach a conclusion.




This guy economists.




Get 10 economist in a room and you'll have 11 opinions




Regular person here. I know exactly what you're talking about.




How much buzz can I buy for $1?




The economy's not a class you can master in college
To think otherwise is the pretense of knowledge




economist in training here. Demand line shifted to the right  and supply demand has also shifted but price is too high creating a surplus. Price will decrease to find equilibrium. How did i do?




God dammit, I fucking *knew* it!




There's no such thing as a free lunch?




isn't this article just talking about how much free advertising they've gotten? that to get an equivalent amount of saturation of information, it would have cost them 160 some million dollars in ad buys.




But it already has a dollar figure attached to “buzz.”

Good enough for me!




This is the correct answer. Stock price took a hit, but it could just be investor sentiment. We will see where they are by the end of the quarter.




It means that they generated what they [the company] value to be $163M worth of marketing from the press and others with regards to the ad.  As in the ad has "Generated/saved" them $163M in marketing from News agencies and others talking about the ad itself and if they were to try and "force" that many people to see the ad by paying for publicity and air time they valued it would cost $163M.  Hope this helped.




Marketing companies put a value on media exposure. Nike has received 163 million dollars in free media exposure. 




Buzz lightyears obviously.




It takes 5.5 Buzz bucks to equal 1 Shrute Buck. 




Everyone but you knows what it means, because we can read and use common sense.




I work in advertising. An incredible amount of money and effort would have gone into these decisions. They will have breakdowns of who their customers are (and aren't) and how they are likely to react. They will have planned out the whole thing. 

&#x200B;

They also know that they are taking a "brave" stance here. The FCK campaign in England (a sorry from KFC when they ran out of chicken) is a really good example of a brave campaign that paid off. Nike has traditionally championed unusual athletes and challenged stereotypes in many of its campaigns. This is kinda on brand.

&#x200B;

And the multiplier effect of press and social media coverage is a huge deal these days. For the same money as a campaign most people wouldn't see, you can get a campaign around the world presented during non advertising time. News broadcasts, for example. So even if you annoy more people you may also have a positive response from far more people than you otherwise would.




pOsT kEyneSiAn




Why can't they make their report in dollars? Seems a bit extreme for a large corporation to do their accounting in quarters.  They'd have to have an Uncle Scrooge money-bin for their profits.




This has nothing to do with their financial reports.

This is simply a valuation of the free media exposure that they've received from this.  It doesn't necessarily mean that sales will increase just like an expensive marketing campaign doesn't necessarily mean that sales will increase either. 




163 million in "buzz" < 4+ Billion stock drop.  No expert needed.




it's exactly a social science. sure they are variables that can't always be predicted, just like in every other form of science. humans are complicated and of course we can't perfectly predict the outcomes, but can get a pretty good idea. 




You have a bad case of Ivory Tower Syndrome.




What? ahahaha I feel like you just went through a thesaurus and found the biggest words you can find concerning philosophy. Or you're just a great troll. 




Exactly, they are fragilistas.




[deleted]




Yeah but buzz about what? Brand awareness?? Who didn't already know the brand name Nike? Is that buzz promoting any products? Can they tie any of this buzz towards increased sales of something?




The same as the ratio of Unicorns to Leprechauns




I buy all my buzz with Stanley Nickels.




About tree fiddy Dogecoin. 




r/unexpectedoffice




I like how people with no sense of humor want to weigh in on a joke..

Irrational butthurt is my favorite kind of butthurt. 




Brigading implies that this post would be posted on TD to bring over users and impact the discussion, which never happens. It's banable, and a weird scapegoat.




Sales people are full of shit 97% if the time 




if i can't eat it, it's worthless!




Every single shoe maker on the market?




Here are some. I haven't been to the manufacturing plants myself though.

&#x200B;

[http://www.thegoodtrade.com/features/fair-trade-clothing](http://www.thegoodtrade.com/features/fair-trade-clothing)




So that makes it okay for Nike to do so? 




Pretty much all clothes. 




So if they’re all doing it then it’s okay?




Have you ever looked at the lives of those who work in the sweatshops compared to those who do not?





Some consider it sweatshops, some consider it a job that they otherwise wouldn’t have and be hungry. 




I buy New Balance most of the time.  US made.




Does that make it OK? 




There is no ethical consumption under capitalism.




Yes. But they're not making blatant attempts at false humanitarianism with an over the top ad campaign. 




Every pair of my boots are American made. 




Don't say all... ever heard of patagonia? 




So what, you want me to stop buying immorally made products? That's the same as condemning me to die at this point. 




Thankfully Trump is trying to put an end to it by cutting down on free trade 




i have plenty of things made by good conditions.




That's just good business sense.

Why pay someone a fair wage when you could just export your slavery to the highest bidder?




Hooray for globalism!




what other brands are trying to capitalize on "social injustice" or social issues? Doesn't make everyone else okay, but certainly double downs on nike really being trash. 




i have plenty of things made under good conditions.




And the argument that they can't draw attention to an issue while doing something "bad" without making them hypocrites would mean anybody criticising them is also a hypocrite.




On the one hand this is true. On the other hand does Nike really care about those people and trying to provide them jobs and lift them out of poverty?  Or does Nike just want cheap labor and will just move the sweat shops when it’s more profitable. 




Well duh. Many economists, certainly Paul Krugman, are propaganda mongers for the establishment. So yeah, they're on message.




I was born in one of the Asian Tigers (remember those countries,) and yes these so-called “sweatshop” factories is a good thing. Helped raise wages and trained worker so that my home country can upgrade to high industry. All this in a span of one human generation. 




Exactly, people should read [**Out of Poverty: Sweatshops in the Global Economy**](https://www.amazon.com/Out-Poverty-Sweatshops-Cambridge-Economics/dp/1107688930/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1536349850&sr=8-1&keywords=out+of+poverty+sweatshops+in+the+global+economy) to understand why developing countries need Sweatshops because they bring with them the proximate causes of economic development — capital, technology, and the opportunity to build human capital. 




> The real issue with this ad is how corporations are going to start taking over social issues for brand influence. 

Woke-washing. 

Pepsi tried it with the Kendall Jenner ad, too. 




[removed]




Yeah, maybe if it hasn't been a talking point for the last 20 fucking years.

But I guess it just wasn't fashionable to give a shit any more.




I agree with you on Nike. There's no way they didn't try to determine whether this would increase the bottom line and make the decision accordingly.

But it seems spurious to say Kaepernick is only in it for the money. He sacrificed a lucrative career to take his stand... er knee.




Company does things to make money. Also water is wet.




Except the NFL didn’t do or start anything. In fact they desperately tried to ignore it as long as possible. Rabid pseudo-patriots (who unfortunately are a large portion of the NFLs demographic) are the ones who did this. 




They throw their public support behind Kaepernick while their founder dumps money on trying to get a Republican governor elected in Oregon, making the largest private contribution to a candidate's election campaign in state history.




> I'm a communist so I don't support the exploitation of labour 

Because historically communists were never known for exploiting labor.....




So why is the $163 million buzz worth anything?

It’s a big number, sure, but if 3.2 billion is just noise then 163 million is less than nothing.




DO YOU LOVE SLAVES BUY NIKE NOW.....support slavery and rich people everywhere




If their sales boost holds up it’ll go to the moon after the December earnings.




agreed. we won't really be able to react until after the last quarter. we don't know at this point how nike will be affected, and stoke prices will ultimately reflects sales despite whatever the immediate reactionary buying/selling is.




Basically all of big shoe is down. It's the end of summer so shoe purchases are going to slow down. Expect boot interests to rally in the run-up to winter before big shoe swings back in spring. This happens every year.




Pretty sure Adidas feel 2.8%ish on the 4th and has stayed that low.  

It's actually more like 4.8% off I think (from 216 high to 206 current).  





Maybe not buying a lot of stuff of the rack. But they were buying stock and now they won’t be buying either. 




No, the buzz is directly tied to the Kaep ad, the market fluctuations are not (or at least not necessarily).




How is it disingenuous? 




You obviously don't know how market cap works.




[removed]




So, are they still at a net loss over the campaign? You never really answered my question.




> Companies dont do everything for capatialistic means.

Oh sweet summer child




[removed]




Not all "buzz" is advertising. Advertising is good for a company. Buzz can go either way. 

Chipotle being in the news because their food keeps giving people E.coli is "buzz", but it isn't good for the company. Nike's campaign hasn't exactly gotten a warm reception from everyone. 




[removed]




but did they have a labor day weekend sale.




Statistics would argue otherwise.

https://www.statista.com/statistics/585152/people-shot-to-death-by-us-police-by-race/




Yeah, funny how when a company is in the headlines people start talking about the company, and its practices. Inconceivable!




I never bought nike b/c of their ethics. I’m not a redhat if that’s what ur wondering




Lots of smaller companies are American-made, and I believe Under Armour has an "American-made" line. New Balance is also mostly made in America, although not 100%. 




New Balance for one.




No one is forcing nike to use sweatshops or abandon workers rights.




It's not that simple, but I think this is a smart move by Nike.  I've posted this one before, but it's worth posting again.

1. The massive profits in the sneaker industry come from sneakerheads - people who pay high margins to collect large numbers of different sneakers - new designs, new "limited edition"s, etc..  It's a massive thing.  It's not my thing, but it's a thing.

2. The market for these shoes is _young, urban males_, with heavy representation of black youth.

3. The standard conservative base (typically older, boomer types) does not spend hundreds, sometimes thousands of dollars a year collecting every new sneaker design.  They mean very little to Nike from an income perspective.

The first demographic will be aligned with them.  The second demographic was never really a huge part of their customer base.

Note the bases and symbolism they're referencing in the ad: Refugee, Kaepernick, Muslim woman, non-mainstream orientations...

They're associating their brand with a particular cultural outlook, and one that happens to be held by their core profit-generating demographic.  To do this, they're choosing to potentially alienate another demographic, which by in large provides far less profit-generation for them.

I'm going to come out and say that this is not primarily about conservative vs. liberal for Nike.  I think in Nike's perspective, this is about young vs. old - growing the next generation of customers.




They do care about being labeled as that right now. Because it give them a positive view. They don't care about if history actually works out like that. They'll be long retired or dead.




Football games, no. Freedom of speech, yes.

You think this whole thing is about football games?




When the president of the USA starts getting involved particularly when he is on the wrong side it will be remembered. 

The rise of camera phone has also highlighted the widespread abuse of force by police officers which is now generating political pressure in previously apathetic parts of society. Nike is associating themselves with one of the most publicised protests against police violence which will absolutely generate positive press about them and shield them from some of the really shitty things they do elsewhere for some time to come. 

People remember the actions of a brand. Decades later there are still people that refuse to do business with Barcleys due to apartheid.     




No, which is why Nike is on the right side of history. 




Yes because this is totally about football not institutional racism. /s




it's almost like you haven't watched the Ad.




And to add to that, the commercial wasn't about him. His story was the finishing blow to everything the commercial and campaign was building to- the trump card to pull it all together. 




thanks I have ears




Why are they racist




Im gonna go with it pissed off racist people to see a black man protest police brutality




Not sure if you are being sarcastic. But look at the article, Nike lost 3.4 billion in market cap and 'gained'  $164 million god knows how according to some made up statistic in someones mind.

I wouldn't be so sure about them having not pissed off anyone. Didn't they say the same when Trump ran for office?




What the fuck are you even talking about?




> who's with me?

racists, probably




That's because you don't get your news delivered to you via facebook memes. Of course it's a lie, new standard these days.




I'm not OP, but I think there's room for both of these opinions. Personally I won't deny that Kaep's stated cause has merrit, and that he's done some great things to further that cause. 

At the same time, it's hard not to question his personal motives due to the timing of his protest. he was a starter for 3.5 years, even started in the super bowl, and never mentioned anything political. Then he gets benched and starts the protest at the beginning of his first season as a non-starter. 




If were a cop and on the front lines, you wouldn't need to see the data that 50% of murders are committed by 7% of the population. It is your fucking life, day in day out. Do you not cross the street when there is a group of gangsters?




https://nypost.com/2017/09/26/all-that-kneeling-ignores-the-real-cause-of-soaring-black-homicides/




Doesn't matter.  Nike just told greater than half of America to fuck off.  Pretty  stupid.




Far fetched sure, but I don't think *that* far fetched, grand schemes by billion dollar companies isn't anything new






...it was an illustration, you turd.




Nope just 3












you know, for kids




Lies! Perfidy! Betrayal!

A faux hullabaloo, I say! Scandal!




That market valuation will bounce back quickly 




Sound like it was expected




You're paying way too much for bees. Who's your bee guy?




something something onion on belt something something 




I've heard it as:

1. For every economist, there is another who believes the exact opposite.

2. They are both wrong.




fuckin econ one THOUSAND? you ever share a symposium with aristotle back in the day?




My ECON 101 prof's line was basically "the point of taking an economics class is to learn not take what an economist says as gospel".




There are topics where there us overwhelming consensus though




2. If you laid all the economists in the world end-to-end, you still wouldn't reach a conclusion and most of them would drown.




This guy econocomments.




Well good. Can I copy your notes before the test?




Not bad at all. Except  prices are, empirically, inelastic downwards. This is specially true in concentrated markets such as sport shoes, where supply tends to behave more as an oligopolly. See cournot's and bertrand's models, and best of luck in your career!




Which is possible, but some of that could be negative, and could cause half the country to lose interest in buying nike due to the fact nike is taking a political stance.

One interpretation of the effect is that nike is getting 100 mil dollars of advertising saying that they’ve bought into American hating, leftist, racist, social justice culture.

And gained 60 mil of advertising  as “pro-blm, anti-racist, anti-trump, pro-minority” advertising.

The numbers here subject to change and balance one way or the other. Either way, it is a divisive campaign that may result in a large loss of respect for nike as a brand by a large population percentage.




okay so they got this from ads on twitch and youtube and not from actual sales (except for those that bought the shoes just to destroy them) 




It means they generated the average market value of $163 million, not the company's name calculation.




The thing is media exposure doesn’t account for good or bad results.  For example:  Nike’s favorability dropped up to double digits from this exposure.  Lol.




They heard about bit coins, but not being a tech company they just went with coins.




Haha I was waiting for some idiot to bring up a normal stock fluctuation like it means anything.  




UA and Adidas both dropped too. Hard to attribute the drop to this ad campaign rather than the market as a whole dropping.




It's more like a bad case of Friedrich Hayek.  




Link please.




That certainly won’t bide well foe the Leprechaunomy. 




[deleted]




Some of the [New Balance](https://www.newbalance.com/made-in-us-and-uk/) models are made in the USA and UK




If you can find a mass market shoe brand with a 100% ethical supply chain then more power to you.  Most companies will rely on the country of production to enact minimum standards and simply craft their business model around those laws.




Thorogood is made in USA. Union company, too. 




New balance is made in the USA




Not all. Oboz and Simms are made in Montana, Doc Martens are made in the UK. You can find a lot of good locally made clothes in the US. 




Except for some specially leather shoes, yeah.




Thanks for this!  Just found some new brands to love!




No of course not but it shows how disingenuous people complaining about nike are




I mean, sorta?

IIRC, all of the major companies use 3rd party factories and the factories Nike uses tend to offer better pay and work conditions than a lot of the others. 

It's easy to get mad about the pay and working conditions, but you also have to realize that these jobs DO pay better and employ a lot of women. At the end of the day, most of these people are happy they're able to work in a Nike workshop over somewhere else. 




The Nike hate for sweatshops is largely relitigating the abuses revealed in the scandal of the 90s, from which they have mostly reformed, and *definitely* reformed to a much greater degree than their competitors.


Imagine you've got five family members all doing hard drugs, but Barry is the one who gets caught out in the open by some school kids and has to go to rehab. Everyone dogpiles Barry about his drug habit for years and years, even though he gives up most of it, stops boozing as well, regularly attends his AA meetings, and only sometimes takes a slurp of cough syrup. Meanwhile, Dina, Jed, Greg, and Jesse are mainlining three different kinds of cocaine in the background while everyone continues to tell Barry he's a shit person.


Like, okay, rag on Nike for sweatshops, but be cognizant of the fact that they're nothing like they used to be. That shit was mostly fixed, and other competitors didn't face as much pressure to make the same changes Nike did because they didn't have that scandal dogging them like Nike. And finally, ["Don't let 'perfect' be the enemy of 'good'."](https://78.media.tumblr.com/2fda60300511206ad8e63df66848bc00/tumblr_odgkwxn99w1qh3h8wo1_1280.png) 




Nope but it is par for the course. If Nike or any brand used proper labor protocols and paid fair wages, their shoes would ultimately cost significantly more and less people would buy them. Everyone wants slave labor to go away, but realistically most people would just continue to ignore that it happens, and buy the significantly cheaper but still reliable product. 

It’s a sad fact of life. But it is still a fact of our current lives. 




People don’t want to pay $150 for a pair of shoes.

The same people I hear talking about MURICAN JOBS are the same people that shop at the dollar general.




It's better than starving in the street, and at least they're not as bad as the iPhone factories and their suicide prevention nets. 




I get way you’re trying to say but also understand that we are all part of the global problem, not just NIKE. How about the governments that allow sweatshop conditions. The Americans that consume their products.




It's moraly grey. The working conditions aren't good, but they're a fair bit better than the alternative, which is usually ether farm work or no work in a country with no social net.

Yes, they're doing it all for the sake of making a quick buck, but the second largest economy in the world, the one that's currently taking tens of millions of people out of poverty a year basically operates this way.

It's not work I would ever do, but since I'm not exactly offering those workers a better job the least I can do is not try to get them fired while padding my self on the back for "helping" 




No, but it means that the entire economy is a cycle of exploitation and that, in order to make anything affordable in that economy, you have to be a part of it. Nike is not necessarily particularly bad for being a part of it. Capitalism as a system is just an extremely shitty exploitative system that extracts wealth from the vast majority of poor people on Earth and shovels it up to the richer people on Earth who shovel it up to the even richer people on Earth and so on. Clothing companies, in that process, are rich countries and their citizens in the west, using their capabilities to use force to extract labor from poor people to transform textiles into clothing and then get it to the richer people in America and Europe.

Nike might very well have a deeper hand in fighting to keep the conditions that are favorable to keeping people in sweatshops to work for us at a small fraction of the worth of their labor. But I don't know for sure. And it is ultimately the system itself that is the problem, and not a particular actor in it, except to the extent that that actor is both self aware of the nature of the system, and fights to perpetuate it, rather that merely survive within it.




Pepsi tried to capitalize on BLM and other protest movements with that Kendall Jenner ad. 

Audi ran a pro-feminist commercial during the Super Bowl, even though there were zero women on the Audi executive team.  

State Street, the brokerage firm that paid for the "Fearless Girl" statue in front of the Wall St bull - turns out they were underpaying female employees. 




Alright, so drawing attention to a problem while doing bad stuff makes them trash?

You're criticising a problem, so if you consume anything made in third world countries what would that make you?




And plenty of things made under terrible conditions.




Of course Nike doesn't care.  They don't care one iota about anything other than their bottom line.

That's the fundamental premise of capitalism... It harnesses human selfishness in a productive way that is mutually beneficial for both parties (even if one benefits substantially more). 




Here’s the thing. Sweatshops are bad, but generally the rest of the jobs are worse. 

If you had the choice between working in a sweatshop or subsistence farming, the sweatshop makes a lot of sense. For the areas, the sweatshop is guaranteed work at higher pay than average. 




It's really only ideologues who see the practice as uniformly good or bad. Yes these people are earning wages that would be criminal in a developed country, but their cost of living is much lower. I imagine that you don't assume that low-skill workers in the US are way better off than they were in the past just because they're technically earning higher wages. 

The cynic in me thinks that the usual Western perception of "sweatshops", that the practice of hiring low-skill foreign labor is inherently exploitative rather than often *leading* to exploitative practices, is very useful for both Western corporations and Western consumers. People get to condemn the whole practice, feel good about themselves, but at the same time dismiss the possibility that we could be making decisions to better support poor foreign workers with our dollars. Instead, the only solution is to fire these people and give the jobs to Westerners instead. Which, if it were even feasible, wouldn't be "sweatshops" but "taking our jobs back". Funny that.




Why do you hate the global poor?




My problem is not 'Sweatshop' per se, but rather when the violate the laws of the country in witch they are, for example, by illegally giving jobs to 13 year olds.




Wow, you are either brainwashed or paid to post this nonesense.




What a shock: people making money from something at vastly inflated rates, tell you that the thing they're making money from, is good.




So, do they hate all of the companies that they buy their clothing from or the stores they shop at as well?




Wow thank you. One of the few reasonable comments in the thread. 




It's only been a talking point because of that one case from 20 years ago.

Everyone else does and always has done the same shit.  It's only lorded over Nike for political reasons whenever it's expedient to do so.




Kapernick was already on the bench when he started kneeling, lucrative is a stretch.  He probably could have sat on the bench for a few more years and been passed around to a couple of different teams but his days in the spotlight were over. 




Did he "sacrifice" his career? He had the worst qb rating in their entire league in 2015.  15 back up QBs had better ratings.

Regardless of your opinions on his stance, the dude was on his way out for not performing long before he was forced out for grandstanding.  




> He sacrificed a lucrative career to take his stand... er knee.

I hate that this is the commonly accepted view among the masses, even though it is revisionist history.  




Yes communists don't work...just live off their communes




I think he meant socialist




And I'm sure the people throughout history that ascribed to the same ideology you do took part in some pretty stupid and unjust actions as well. This is like saying "Because Christians historically were never known for slavery and colonialism." They were, but modern Christian will argue that they weren't real Christians by today's standards. If a Communist is exploiting labor that makes him a Capitalist because that's literally what the term Capitalist means in Socialist and Communist literature.




“Worth of marketing exposure” is something entirely different than the market value of billions that was discussed here. 




[deleted]




$3.2b isn’t gone. The stock is up like 50% this year. The share prices dropped transiently and have now mostly recovered. What’ll actually be meaningful is the quarterly earnings.




It’s essentially advertising value that didn’t require any money to come out of their coffers. Advertising money is real money that affects the company’s bottom line, and now they got more bang for their buck. On the other hand, market cap is essentially nothing more than what the investors think the value of the company is. It’s not tied to real cash in any meaningful way. 

The buzz value isn’t real money either, but it’s much closer to real money than market cap is. 




It's important to distinguish between the two numbers. Nike got a really good return on their advertisement, which is good for the company. The 3.4 billion down is just a valuation of the company, not them losing money, and those kinda fluctuations are pretty normal.




Apples and oranges




Also, why are people so desperate to minimize this? Nike must have REALLY made some people uncomfortable 




Because 3.2bn is just part of the natural movement of the stock. Apple adds billions and loses billions each day, and it’s not noteworthy. The 163mm is a direct result of an ad campaign that’s been measured. 




It's not worth anything.  The idea is that they're receiving free publicity, but since it won't affect their ad buys at all, there are no real savings being realized.  It's just somebody trying to quantify the amount of press that Nike is getting with a dollar figure.  




It probably isn't but after this article they got 165$ million buzz, in two weeks they'll write about that.




Better yet, just move to Qatar!




Nike isn't worse than literally any other international apparel company.  




I mean... are you a shoe trader?




I added to it! Just bought some new Columbia boots while they were on sale because my other ones are a size too small. 




The purchases made may also be linked to school startup and not this ad campaign.  There is fuzzy math involved either way.




Because the headline implies that the Kaepernick ad has been a boon to the Nike brand, yet the reality is, given their massive losses in the past three days, it actually hasn't been.




This isn't always true. There are a lot of tangible values that assist in seeking profit and growth that corporations can have. Costco's policy of treating it's employees well in contrast to the rest of retail and the existence of Charitable For-Profit organizations are two good examples.




not really. Large companies are obligated by contract to their shareholders to keep profit at the top of their priorities list.





Market capitalization (mc) a measure of the value that investors believe the company is worth. Usually it is calculated as the share price times the number of shares outstanding. If mc goes down it is the shareholders who are losing money, not the corporation called nike. 
I think that the media campaign value relates the to dollar value of the free media exposure this ad has generated for nike. So again it has no impact on Nike's income either.

So is this ad net loss for nike? The jury is still out. We will have to wait for sales results before you can say whether this was a smart or dumb idea.





[deleted]




They're trying to put a price tag on a social justice campaign. You could say the same about all the "free" advertising exposure Dick's got when they stopped selling AR-15's. It didn't equate to more revenue.




I don't know... I was driven to Chipotle by that news. I wanted to see if I could survive their new E.coli challenge burrito. I got my picture on the wall!




> Their market cap is down.

Go argue with your 9-hour-younger self.




Yeah, they probably do every year, which is why it's noted that their sales are up 31% as compared to last year when their sales during this same time were up 17%.




African Americans are only 13% of the us population while white are around 73% so those total numbers don’t mean much. Also police brutality goes far beyond fatal police shootings.




Are there other brands? I don't like New Balance at all since they only make shoes for wide footed folks not to mention I'm not a fan of the quality. 




America has sweat shops.

edit: since I'm being downvoted : http://www.latimes.com/projects/la-fi-forever-21-factory-workers/#




Actually the sneaker head segment is a small portion of where Nike gets their revenue. They get most of their footwear sales on their lower end consumer products. You’re also not factoring the fact that Nike’s sports retail is a huge part of their industry. At the start of every football/baseball season parents rush to stores to buy their kids new cleats. Can also factor in little league teams which will all buy the exact same gear from the same brand. 
I see this move hurting their bottom line when it comes to their sports revenue. Nike was already losing ground in baseball and soccer. Football will come next. Basketball will likely be unaffected as it’s pretty much the standard. 
Source: worked as a vendor for a major athletic fw brand 




uhh, Nike sells like $35-$40B a year. One source estimates more than HALF of all high income earners bought a Nike product last year. They sell 25 pairs of shoes PER SECOND.

"Sneakerheads" are not where the profits come from. 






What about the people buying stock ? Urban youth don’t usually have a nice portfolio 




They might care about being labeled it, aka woke-washing. They remain uncaring about actually being it. 

Example: Audi put out an ad for the Super Bowl about how great women workers were, and how the wage/promotional gap was bad, and all workplaces should have gender equality. And then... it turned out Audi's executive boardrooms were all sausage-fests. 

> Just 22 percent of the automaker’s U.S. employees are female, the company told The Huffington Post in an email. At higher levels, the numbers are worse: **Just 12 percent of senior management is female.** There are only two women on its 14-person U.S. executive team. And the company’s **global management board consists entirely of men**

https://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/audi-ad-women-employees_us_5898d5cae4b0c1284f2778fa




There's no violation of freedom of speech going on here. The government isn't coming down on these players and arresting them for it. Granted, Trump's moronic tweets on the subject aren't helping, but there's still no free speech issue going on here. These players are employed by these teams, which are almost all privately owned entities that belong to a larger entity (the NFL), which has rules that govern player conduct (rightly or wrongly). Freedom of speech doesn't mean freedom from consequences, and it doesn't mean that you can just break the rules of your employer in the name of social justice or any other cause that you feel worthy of being protested for/against. It simply means that the government (local, state, federal) cannot retaliate against you for the things you say.

People on this website and many others simply fail to understand how free speech works, and seem to think it gives you carte blanche to act however you want without fear of repercussion from anyone, and that is just not how it works. 




I think there is nothing to be gained by messing with people's entertainment.  What if when you to the movies an anti-smoking ad ran every 30 mins?  This is like protests that block traffic.

People are paying a lot for cable. What has changed? People would rather not watch football than have other people's agenda shoved down there throats.

When I'm at work I keep my political thoughts to myself and if I was around camera's them I wouldn't abuse them.  If you feel a certain way do it on your personal time.




It was a move to make money, it shouldn't be viewed as more than that.  They sell their shoes at $150 when it costs dollars to make and then sell them back to the poor.  This was a good fit for them.

When a company like Nike gets political its for the profit, if people want to support a different form of slavery to feel good that's on them. 

"Nike is associating themselves with one of the most publicised protests against police violence"

 If that's how people remember Nike 30 years from now then their marketing team was a successful and speaks to the amount of power these corporations have over the people.




> The rise of camera phone has also highlighted the widespread abuse of force by police officers 

Now see, this is where i think you are wrong. I think any police officer caught of wrongdoing should be held responsible for sure, but it is wrong to say that it is widespread. You are talking about a very, very small percentage of abuse. There are hundreds of thousands, if not millions of interactions with police officers every year, and for the most part they go exactly how you would expect.

&#x200B;




*institutional racism* lol kaepernick was a millionaire arm chair protester. Nothing more. He pretty much a crying child. That's how most see him as.




Do you believe being racist is an individual choice or is it simply an individual being led by group think or peer pressure? 

If you believe that racism is an individual decision (FYI it is) then fighting "Institutional Racism" is futile because you are fighting a battle against each individuals beliefs, upbringing and life experience rather than just a simple IDEA that a mass of people are following. You would need to break down why each individual was racist to sway their beliefs instead of fighting what basically boils down to a conspiracy theory that white people are in cahoots meeting in secret alleys under all branches of power to keep the brown man down.






I don't watch TV you are correct, are they getting more political?




So his part was the entire commercial but it was really quick? 




> Im gonna go with it pissed off racist people to see a black man protest police

Yea... because if you slightly disagree with the standard twitter based narrative on this then you must be angry and racist...  

Let's all combat alleged bigotry with more hyperbolic bigotry, it's like re-raising someone in poker except with civil rights... this should turn out well. 




He's protesting what exactly, a few high profile incidents involving cops and black people? Most of those incidents we're justifiable when you really research all the details of each of them. If he really cared he'd be marching in the streets of Chicago. He and BLM believe that it's open season on black people, and that cops are out there gunning them down for absolutely no reason (which is patently false). 

The statistics don't support that false narrative. Add to that his Castro t-shirt, pig socks, kneeling for the anthem, and the fact that he doesn't even vote. He's a clown. 




And why cant we be upset about both?




DAE BLACK-ON-BLACK?! CHICAGO?! GANG VIOLENCE?!

C'mon man. "They kill each other tho!" has been a dog whistle since the 1860s.




Far less than half. Maybe 30%




So facts don't matter because of your feelings?

I mistakenly thought you were up for an objective discussion. Now I realize you're a TD guy who just wants an echo chamber, so nevermind. You don't have to live up to the stereotype just because you post there, you know.




Why does it bother you so much?

They didn't tell anyone to fuck off - they just used an athlete-turn-activist for a commercial. 

I just don't understand why everyone is getting so worked up.




I highly doubt many people give a shit

I think Kaepernick is a d bag. Not really related to this whole situation
If I want some Nikes I'll buy some damn Nikes.




Can you give a me a source on that large half stat?




Yeah, it is that far fetched. 

Not everything is a conspiracy. Not every move is a long thought out game of chess. 

Nike has taken a bold step here. They could have carried on as they had, paying the most in sponsership to the best players, and it would not have been a gamble,and Nike's success would have been assured. This is a gamble. They didn't need to do it, and yet they did. It could gain them customers, it could lose them customers. Opportunistic, yes. But laudable? Yes. They're using their brand power to a) make money, which is their bottom line, but also to try and influence society for the better. Good for them, I think.

&#x200B;

&#x200B;




I have one hooplah i’d like to spend todah, show me whah you gah




I’m sure it will

And “buzz” is an arbitrary term for an immeasurable and is used to create more buzz




In those days, nickles had [bees](https://youtu.be/5Rzao52ndNA) on them.






It all began back in nineteen-dickety-two.




.3. I'm always right.




I would say it's like predicting the weather but we are WAY better at that...




For different reasons, of course.




It's funnier to present economics as a shit version of physics.




Everyone econs at 1000 or higher. Personally i’m at econ 10,000.

Get with the program. 




This guy speaks greek




What I've seen posted before on the Kapernick situation included theories that Nike is cashing in on the younger generation.  Minority athlete/social justice/etc types.

Makes sense because companies are there for your dollar, not your conscience. I think they're playing everyone for publicity and hopefully more money as a result.

I think people are getting riled up over nothing and the people burning their shit aren't going to accomplish anything, but I'm not going to tell them that.




This article says the marketing firm estimates 40% positive reaction, 30% negative, and 30% neutral. No idea how accurate marketing research of this kind is, but it probably just depends how much the 30% negative spends on Nike if any at all.




The half that lost interest have the attention span of a puppy. They will be back to buying Nike in a week.




Not quite - this is an estimation of what they would of had to pay to get as many people to see the ad if they /had/ to pay media companies, twitch and facebook etc - they didnt have to pay because news casters and youtubers and stuff talked about it for /free/ thus giving them exposure and "free marketing" without them having to spend a cent.  Thus a lot of eyes saw the ad but they didnt have to pay like they would of traditionally had to pay for said eyes to see the content, resulting in the "163M" figure of buzz generation (aka a new spinterm for ad consumption)




Almost all media exposure is good.

Boycotts almost never have lasting impact. 




Brand favor with who? If it dropped double digits yet they converted a 31% increase in sales through their .com, it makes me wonder if that favorability was against one demo, not all Nike buyers. 

Additionally, what many aren't realizing is that Nike isn't just an American brand. They have massive investment in cricket and soccer, which has large audiences globally who won't give a shit about this.

For example, have you seen [Da Da Ding](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0pJ3wXDzNew)? Very few Americans would have seen it, yet it had political/social implications in India that pissed off and resonated with Indians. Nike was never doomed by airing that.




All media is good media. Just look at Trump he got far far far more media coverage than any other candidate and all the media coverage was rightfully "Holy shit this guys insane." 

He got far more value out of that than all the money put into the race by other candidates. 




This look normal to you moron:

&#x200B;

[https://www.google.com/search?q=NYSE:NKE&e=4112296&tbm=fin&biw=1920&bih=925#scso=\_3\_yTW-e3K4jujwSl1pjYDQ1:0](https://www.google.com/search?q=NYSE:NKE&e=4112296&tbm=fin&biw=1920&bih=925#scso=_3_yTW-e3K4jujwSl1pjYDQ1:0)




https://youtu.be/UXh13J2LlXs




The factory that makes iPhones makes every other consumer electronic. 






Since when does Apple make shoes?




Apple us circumventing the issue by buying thousands of automated 6 axis fabrication machines. Who needs fleshy human workers that get tired and depressed.




Many of the employees are migrant workers from very poor places far away from the Foxconn factories.  Some of the desperate ones committed suicide to get windfall payouts for their families.  Foxconn installed the nets for PR purposes.




Look at how many lives Apple saved!




Foxconn has a lower suicide rate than China as a whole.




Foxconn actually managed to *lower* the suicide rate for its employees. Foxconn workers were far less likely than average to commit suicide:

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Foxconn_suicides#Analysis





https://wwd.com/business-news/government-trade/sweatshops-persist-in-u-s-garment-industry-10716742/




I have never had much luck with New Balance shoes, they start off comfy enough but after a month or two the become super uncomfortable, and they fall apart very quickly. I personally feel they are the worst of the major shoe companies. 




We have sweatshops here too.  You think someone making minimum wage in San Francisco doesn't work in a fuckin sweat shop?




Idk how they are made but Adidas is going to use recycled ocean plastic in all their shoes by 2020. But they could be made in sweatshops for all I know. 




I thought New Balance was made in USA 




A few Doc Martens are made in the UK, most are made in China. They also no longer offer a lifetime warranty on any of their products. 




That’s why becoming a nudist is the only option




The ad is disingenuous, they don't really give a shit about anything but the money




What the fuck is up with your username?




Were the people who complained about the Kendall Jenner Pepsi ad also "disingenuous" if they failed to also complain about the bad things Coca-Cola does? 




It's not disingenuous to dislike hypocritical advertising.  




most others arent virtue signalling though. apple stopped that whole 'we are gandhi and mlk buy us too' long ago. 




Not disingenuous. Having a different perspective, different values, or being more educated or less educated on the subject.

Most people who disagree aren't lying or otherwise trying to run game on each other.

EDIT: I'm sure there's a good reason I'm getting downvoted to Hell. Maybe if I wait long enough someone'll explain it to me.




Exactly. If those jobs are taken away it is actually much much worse. You will literally be trapping people in a cycle of poverty. 

I don’t get the outrage with wages. China has a much lower cost of living plus and for those big plants food is paid for plus the worker all live in a dormitory which is also paid for. No one forced to work there, in fact, a lot of workers leave especially after CNY. 




[deleted]




> If Nike or any brand used proper labor protocols and paid fair wages, their shoes would ultimately cost significantly more and less people would buy them.

Motorola tried making phones in the US. They weren't more expensive than other brands. No one bought them anyways. Motorola ended up closing their American factory and moving production back offshore. 

> Motorola Mobility will be shutting down its factory in Fort Worth, Texas by the end of the year (2014), in advance of Lenovo's purchase of the unit from Google.

> The factory, which assembles Motorola's flagship Moto X Android phone and only opened in May 2013, will be closed down due to weak sales by Motorola and high manufacturing costs.

> ... From a peak of 3,800 employees in late 2013, Motorola's Fort Worth factory now only employs 700 workers. 

> ... The Moto X will continue to be manufactured, but in Brazil and China among other locations. 

https://www.techtimes.com/articles/7843/20140601/no-longer-made-in-usa-motorola-mobility-will-shut-down-factory-in-texas.htm

We don't even care about our neighbors' wages and working conditions, so we sure as shit don't care about the wages or working conditions of a bunch of brown foreigners halfway across the world. 




> Nope but it is par for the course. If Nike or any brand used proper labor protocols and paid fair wages, their shoes would ultimately cost significantly more and less people would buy them. E

See American Apparel for a great example. I loved their t-shirts but few people bought them cause they were $25 for a basic tee. They ended up having to liquidate and become and online only store because they couldn't make ends meet. That's how much things cost when you're paying Americans to make them.  




Are you saying shopping at dollar general makes me less of a person than you?




Nike sells tons of shoes for $150 or more.




Thanks for answering. I honestly haven't seen anything else, with the exception of the fearless girl and didn't hear anything about the company that did it. 




is that a problem?




...I was agreeing with you and that’s my point...




Why don't people feel this way about minimum wage?




To you and I, sweatshops mean exploitation. To people in the poorest places on earth, they mean food on the table for their family and a better life than they could otherwise expect.




Pick one:

A) Honest day's work making shoes for Nike

B) Prostitution

C) Subsistence farming or another such dead-end job that doesn't pay enough to change anything

D) Starvation


These are the options in third world countries. Nike factories are some of the best employers around, with high wages and good working conditions relative to the rest of the labor market there. 




Exactly, these people need to be forcibly removed from the jobs they chose to take and put back into their jobs as even poorer subsistence farmers. 




Actually if you look at the book and read some reviews you could open your mind up and see that the world isnt truly black and white but shades of grey everywhere. 




^Pst. ^Check ^the ^username.




>https://qz.com/1042298/nike-is-facing-a-new-wave-of-anti-sweatshop-protests/

Not even close. It's been the subject or pressure and investigation constantly for violations of workers rights all around the world.




Even the worst QB in the league is having a lucrative career...




He's making more money from this ad campaign than he ever would as a backup QB. To me the ad is really ambiguous and seems like some sort of desperation effort to connect with the younger generation. 




Maybe jeopardized would be a better word then? His stance certainly didn't help him with his options.




Why 2015? He played half the season and one of the guys below him is now a Super Bowl MVP. He played more in 2016 and had a rating 12 points higher, putting him in the middle of the pack.




Why did you cherrypick 2015? He was hurt and only played half the year. 




Why is it not accurate? Because he wasn't good enough to play in the league?




No, I don't, but Socialism is necessary as a prerequisite for Communism. Socialism has the end goal of Communism anyways. I identify as both. Most directly an Internationalist Socialist.




> If a Communist is exploiting labor that makes him a Capitalist because that's literally what the term Capitalist means in Socialist and Communist literature.

I know of no other ideology that prescribes forced labor camps as a means to make up for logistical inefficiencies and ass-backward economic policies. 

The body count is very very  high on your supposed "non-exploitative" ethos. 




Was someone unaware of Nike up until this af. “Buzz” is worth something to the guy who is a no-name. But if you’re a household name I don’t see how “buzz” actually helps you. 




Don't sales impact shareholders in the long-term though?




Buzz lightyear?




Yeah... I was gonna say. Shareholders probably are not happy, and were unloading stock




> It’s essentially advertising value that didn’t require any money to come out of their coffers.

Advertising serves to promote your company/products in a positive light. A good chunk of the "buzz" around this campaign has been negative. 

It's not a 1:1 substitute. Papa John generated a lot of "buzz" for his (then-)pizza company by saying the n-word. Jared Fogle generated a lot of "buzz" for Subway - first good, then really really bad. 




eh, I've cobbled some things.




What purchases? This article is talking about the estimated value of the airtime and brand exposure the talk about the ad has generated. THey got a lot of people to talk about them without having to pay for airtime and ad placement, that’s what this article is talking about. 




But, their losses haven’t been massive. Microsoft has had a far worse week than Nike has, but you don’t hear any stories about how they’re “tanking” or taking huge hits, do you?

Stock prices fluctuate for a lot of reasons, y’dig?




Massive losses? Are you sure you don't want to confirm that the losses are in fact massive?




by massive loses you mean less than a per cent? 




That's what you chose to assume based on the headline. All I got from the headline is what I read. It created $163 million worth of buzz.




Man, I love it when a financial topic comes up and people who have no idea what’s going on weighs in. 
 
To be on topic, the 3.2bn figure is a drop in Nike’s valuation, which doesn’t really matter, as it gains and loses billions each day. It’s not a ‘loss’ on the books. 




I don't understand. Can you explain how a $3.2 billion net loss isn't an actual loss?




I know enough about how money works in an economy and this I can tell you through labor day a normal "increase" of 14-15% over last year is expected across the board because of the way the money fell -vs- last year. So the Nike spike is just slightly over expectation.




yes but the difference of 14% could have many many factors. To say the ad is effective, when many probably did not see it until last night, is a reach.




And while only making up 13% of the population statistics also show that they commit a disproportionately larger amount of crime. Could a higher percentage of police ecounters due to a higher rate of violent crime be a contributing factor? I'm afraid I'd be labeled a racist if I said yes.




I'm going to assume you're mostly looking for shoes; there are tons of companies that make other clothing in the USA. 

I found this list that might help: https://www.finder.com/made-in-usa-shoes

And this one: https://www.usalovelist.com/made-in-usa-sneakers-athletic-footwear/

It's worth noting that there aren't a ton of athletic-type shoes made here. You will, however, find plenty of dress shoes, work shoes (think work boots, tactical-type stuff), and outdoorsy shoes for hiking or whatever. 




Where? If you know of any you should report them; they are operating illegally and will get shut down. 




You are right in saying that no law is broken in terms of freedom of speech. But there is clear contempt of freedom of speech.

&#x200B;

Freedom of speech (paraphrased): Government will take no action against people expressing themselves.

&#x200B;

The president (part of the government): Get that son of a bitch off the field




Do you understand what a protest is? You need a platform to protest otherwise it's pointless if you aren't seen. It's not a protest if you are doing it in your room all alone lmao. 

Not to mention what he is doing is in no way as disruptive to the entertainment value of the league than an ad every 30 minutes at a movie....it happens once per game at the start and they didn't even air the national anthem half the time before this anyway. Like what? Commercial breaks are far more disruptive to the NFL viewing experience.




I agree with your last sentence. I am not informed on what he has been doing in his spare time with his protest, but he had a stage, and used that stage to show his support and he paid the price. He kneeled, stood up, and the games would go on I thought. Or maybe I am wrong? I am trying to understand how this stopped anyone from watching the game. I understand people could be offended that someone would kneel and people aren't all mad about his protest, but more or less on the way he chose to do it. But are football players choosing to kneel and hold their hands to their hearts as the national anthem plays really something that ruins the game, or shoves politics down your throat as much as you elude it did? I feel people making such a big deal of it made it way more political than it needed to be, and that's when it got more overwhelming. Just curious on what you think.




Bigots have said the same things for 150 years. There is no protest that they dont try and shit on




A person silently kneeling doesn't mess with another person's entertainment. If it was that big of a deal they'd be much more annoyed by the playing of the anthem itself. 

And yeah, ignore the agenda of police accountability if you want but it's unAmerican to be against peaceful protests.






Widespread as in not limited to a single area rather than a higher percentage relative to total police interactions. Its not like its limited to a single town in Mississippi, the abuses are recorded countrywide. 




Narrating =/= His story..... 




If thats really how you feel then theres no point in us arguing because neitger of us are gonna change our minds




thanks you for the pissed off racist viewpoint




Ill wait till they have a promo with Mullah Mohammad Omar before I take my free runs off. Time will tell I guess.  




This is just like those BLM using some idiot thugs as a rallying point.  Kaperernick is an idiot that grow up in a white household.  The most ghetto thing for him is listening to rap music.  Worst part is they use the American anthem as their protest platform.  Pretty stupid.




Ask any Trump voter what they think.




Dr. Suess had it right in *One Fish Two Fish Red Fish Blue Fish*

We see them come

We see them go

Some are high

And some are low

Not one of them is like another

We don't know why

Go ask your mother




now you all need education

see http://factsmaps.com/pisa-worldwide-ranking-average-score-of-math-science-reading/

why.....?




When it comes to financial journalism, I'd say we're better at astrology.




To be fair to Nike, the younger generation are the people buying new shoes every month. It’s smart for Nike to market directly to the groups that buy the most. 

Older, whiter generations just don’t buy as many new Nike shoes and the younger generations do. Nike is marketing directly to its base of repeat customers. 




Burn your shit, forget why you were mad or accept their eventual apology, then buy new shit from them




> What I've seen posted before on the Kapernick situation included theories that Nike is cashing in on the younger generation. Minority athlete/social justice/etc types.

Marketing research suggests the opposite happened. 

> Among Democrats, Nike favorability slid to 65% from 74%, and among African Americans, that rating dipped to 74% from 82%. Nike favorability among millennials dropped to 52% from 64%.

https://www.investors.com/news/colin-kaepernick-just-do-it-ad-hits-nike-favorability/




Work in advertising, worked at Nike's agency WK, plus various other agencies in adland. It's quite accurate. We have loads of tools that measure this for us across digital, print, TV, etc. Globally as well. Although that 30% negative is unlikely to spend, they'll undoubtedly share that article and if it impacts someone who doesn't care, they can be inspired to buy. Thus, the 30% is still added to the number, because impressions have happened on some level.




No press is bad press




This, am marketer can confirm. 




>Almost all media exposure is good.

Nike using the Trump strategy




I think it's across all demographics according to every single survey I've seen.  Here's one from a liberal source: https://www.cbsnews.com/news/nike-colin-kaepernick-ad-is-hurting-its-brand-poll-suggests/

And when you say their sales increase you're talking about labor day sales and most large apparel companies do a large % of their business on holidays throughout the year so I think it would be a little disingenuous to say the ad campaign did anything.  Furthermore, their stock fell by 2-3%.

I'm not suggesting they're going to go bankrupt, but I doubt it was a wise business decision.  All indicators seem to be negative, especially considering you're not appealing to any new demographic but you are marginalizing other customers.  It's not like they magically found a new customer base, they have the same base as always except they just cut a chunk of it out.





[deleted]




And factory is an interesting term for what is essentially a city/compound




[deleted]




Considering it costs almost a year's wage to fix one *once*. Hope it doesn't break down often.

Not to mention the beginning outlay, maintainence, shifting production to accommodate, upgrading...

The funny thing is, the cost of robotics depends on how little they're paying the workers who assemble them.




>You think someone making minimum wage in San Francisco doesn't work in a fuckin sweat shop?

Abso-fucking-lutely not. Unless they are being paid off-the-books, they are making $15/hr. They make like $30 *a month* in countries like Bangladesh. 

https://waronwant.org/sweatshops-bangladesh

https://sfgov.org/olse/minimum-wage-ordinance-mwo




I don't think a [sweat shop means](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sweatshop) what you think it means...

Are there people working low wage jobs?  Absolutely.  I worked for minimum wage at one time, then I went to a trade school and got a better job.  




We should just stop the ocean plastic manufacturers from making ocean plastic in the first place. Problem solved.




It wasn’t your lifetime, it was Teds.
Ted died some years ago.




I live in Florida, this is not the best option for me. Far from it actually.




I have seen Kill la Kill, becoming a nudist was the only option years ago. 




Except theres nothing hypocritical about it. The ad has absolutely nothing to do with where their products are made. People are bringing that up to distract from the message and to paint nike in a bad light for havin Kaep in the ad




the advertisement isnt about shoe making its about following your dreams.

the only reason you mention sweatshops is because you are a racist and your feathers are ruffled.  attacking nike using sweatshops is the only thing you can think of that doesnt out you as a racist moron.





I dont think nike ever said they werent producing clothes in china and their new ad campaign hardly qualifies as virtue signaling




No id argue its disingenuous. Weve know for awhile that nike and pretty much every clothing line uses sweatshops overseas and no one cared. They put Kaepernick in an ad and now suddenly everyone pretends to care




Sometimes workers leave after CNY, and get jobs at other factories. It's not like they can apply for an accounting job with a skillset of putting together sunglasses. Usually factory cities specialize in a niche, so moving to another factory in the same city is sometimes virtually the same job.

What's important is whether these factories are safe for the workers. That's always up for debate depending where in China these factories are




It requires a deeper analysis than most people want to do to find out the truth about a given foreign employment situation. 




They also live under threat of imprisonment with almost zero worker safety.

And the turn over rate is so high due to corruption and no worker protections.




Would you rather be underpaid or not paid at all?




A great example of poor management, lack of internet infrastructure and millions is harassment suits?

Workers wages weren't what killed it.




No, I am saying all of the shit in Dollar general is made in China.  Quit straw-manning.




You notice how everyone is burning the $40 dad shoes and not the $150+ ones, though?




I'm sure your *things* are the least of your problems.




I know.  I'm not the one who downvoted you 




Not entirely sure what you mean. In areas with sweatshops, they usually pay MORE than other jobs and for steady work. In the U.S. minimum wage pays LESS. 




It did help him. It has gotten him amazing popularity and even a job as ad for nike, as we can clearly see.




He got benched Blaine Gabbert before he started kneeling, and then Gabbert played better than him. He wasn't good at the end. He asked to be released from his contract... and then was shocked nobody wanted to hire him as a starter. 




By the time he started kneeling, his remaining career prospects were much less lucrative than they had been. His level/style of play was no longer as conducive to success as it had been in his prime. He'd lost his starting job to Blaine Gabbert, who sucks. 




Curious why you say communism is the end goal of socialism always




It's called Capitalism and all of our prisoners are slave labourers. They're just no longer political prisoners. Back in the times of warlords it was necessary to imprison (probably not necessarily to execute) people who were violently resisting the revolution. Those casualties weren't too different from those of our Civil War in the US, just that there was no clear borders distinguishing friend from foe.




Coca-cola is a world-wide brand, in fact *the* most recognizable brand around the world, and they *still* saw a huge market increase after their "people's names on the can" promotion. Marketing and advertising are a useful tools for increasing sales of *all* companies, big and small.




Nike is already a household name, but buzz can remind people they need to get new shoes, or it might get people to take a second look at Nike's products over others, just because they've been thinking about it or seeing it more. The impact is small per individual person, but aggregated over millions of potential customers will yield returns. 




Eh, intangible assets aside, it can help with brand loyalty, which can translate into sales. Subaru did pretty much the same thing in the 90s, marketing to lesbians directly, and it had a huge impact on revenue.  




Advertising is more than just name recognition. For instance, I remembered I probably need to get a new pair of sneakers in the next week or two. 

I was always going to buy Nikes though. 




my mom was all decked out in nike this morning. out of nowhere!




yes, but shareholders are generally going to be looking at a bigger data set than a few days to make reactions. there will certainly be reactionary holders, but the truth is we don't yet know medium and long term effects of this ad campaign. 




yes, but shareholders no longer have a Woody for Nike




The drop in the stock was pretty much par for the exchange that day. Adidas dropped by pretty much the same amount.




If their revenues are up due to the campaign, they will get a huge boost in value as people buy up shares. 




> A good chunk of the "buzz" around this campaign has been negative.

Maybe in your social circles. Mine have been enthusiastic about it. To be honest the people most likely to pay $150 for a pair of sneakers are not the people that are upset about the kneeling.




>  A good chunk of the "buzz" around this campaign has been negative.

maybe, if you only watch fox news.




A Always    
B Be    
C Cobbling    

Always Be Cobbling!





Marketing is used to generate sales.  I am saying that there is no way to know if any of this marketing or 'free publicity' is actually generating any sales.  There will be fuzzy math used by marketing folks to point some sales to this campaign when there is no way to know if it actually created any sales at all.




I don't know what world you're in where billions of dollars isn't a massive amount of money, because it is. I am sure Nike is sweating losing billions of dollars, though figure their long game is profitable, which I assume is their gameplan.

&#x200B;

Edit: FUCK. There goes all my karma. I'm going to bed. It's almost 1 a.m. Stay golden, Reddit.




I never claimed to have made the assumption myself. Many people gather news based on headlines. Time, the source of this article, published not a word on the billions of dollars lost by Nike. At least in headlines. This gives Time an opportunity to peddle a narrative to its readers who skim headlines and don't read articles. Which, according to the Washington Post, turns out to be most people.

[https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/the-intersect/wp/2016/06/16/six-in-10-of-you-will-share-this-link-without-reading-it-according-to-a-new-and-depressing-study/?utm\_term=.3a16fbf99fbf](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/the-intersect/wp/2016/06/16/six-in-10-of-you-will-share-this-link-without-reading-it-according-to-a-new-and-depressing-study/?utm_term=.3a16fbf99fbf)




Yeah some ELI5 for me. Now I know.




They are talking about market valuation (number of shares times the share price).  They are not talking sales/profits; it’s just too early for any impact to show.




Because it's not real money it's the evaluation that people think it's worth. it's not like they're going to try to make it the money saving on office supplies this does not change their Capital expenditures this is not change your debit and loss.





14% is *huge* for a company this big and it's definitely not just this ad, everyone knew about the campaign since last week and they've been at the forefront of the media since then. 




That's almost double what their sales were up last year.....to say the ad wasn't responsible for that is actually the reach here.




http://www.latimes.com/projects/la-fi-forever-21-factory-workers/#




I said that Trump's tweets, and certainly his own words in speeches, are really stupid and don't help anything. But jumping from that to PROVING that the government had something to do with any of this is a huge stretch. Trump clearly doesn't think these players should be able to protest, but to my knowledge his administration hasn't actually done anything about it other than bullcrap tweets and Mike Pence staging being outraged at an NFL game.




This isn't even worth replying too. Protest at your job then please.




You're paid to do your job, not protest, as it can suggest you reflect your employers views. He's an NFL star, he already has a platform, it doesn't have to be on his employers time. Simple.




Everything is too sensationalized by the media and the endless hours of ESPN but I bet he thought it was a big deal.

I feel that the right move would be to excuse yourself from the situation if you feel strongly about it.  If you must, have the camera pan over the players, while the commentators remain respectfully silent and then have the players jog on at an appropriate time.

While that would have been better I'm not sure that would have solved the problem.  It looks like the fist kneeling case occurred in Sept. 2016, a highly controversial time, Trump being elected 2 months later.  People were exhausted with political commercials and the aggressive campaigns.  

To then have it inside the scheduled programming may have been the straw that broke the camels back.  Ether way it allows for others to invade a space where it was not intended. I think that is the biggest issue people have with it. Imagine if the conversation turned towards immigration people would lose their minds.  Either way its not good for football because its not about football.

I am not a sports fan but I think that people are worried that this is the start of the politicizing of the game.  Once identity politics touches a thing it spreads until it works itself out.  The American psyche is exhausted with this form of politics and thus can become toxic fast, or a bigger deal than it really is.

That's my opinion anyway.




Well except for protests that involve protesting tearing down dumb statues of Confederate generals 




I'll shit on a protest all day if its not done at an appropriate time and place.  Its a shame that they're hurting their own cause.




> Narrating =/= His story.....

His part =/= His story.....




I don't base things off of my feelings, I use facts and evidence. 




Russian troll level of nuance here.




Ahh, the old name calling tactic always comes out when someone has nothing to substantiate their argument.  

Please explain how anything I have said is racist. Go ahead, I'll wait....




Aww were your poor feelings hurt?




Nah, what's stupid is your racist comment.

Why does a black man kneeling hurts your feelings so bad?

He's more of a patriot than you'll ever be, no question.




That's significantly less then half of the country. Like way way way less the then half. 

Considering only 60~m people voted for him and 350m live in America it's pretty obvious your full of shit.




Lol no they aren't, just you. You're the idiot bud.




See my original point. They didn't need to gamble for this. They can lose just as easily as they win.




Yeah well Dr. Seuss was a genius.




She's busy 




Yeah but just because the outcome doesn't reflect their goals doesn't mean that isn't what the motivation behind the campaign was. It just means it didn't work.




Same accuracy as the polls that had Hillary winning ?




Tell that to Papa John




One of the biggest reasons he won was the massive amount of free media exposure he got early on when he wasn't considered a serious candidate. 




MarketWatch reports that the 31% is compared to a 17% YOY. So I’m not sure it’s all that disingenuous to suggest an impact. Additionally, measuring the stock over a week is absurd, let’s see how the quarter performs before trying to suggest this 2-3% drop means anything. 

All of this is rather reactionary, we won’t know where the chips may fall for awhile.




People just love regurgitating business sayings they’ve heard from some guru. 




Ohh ohh, pictures please! 




Actually, you replied to u/freddydangerface 's reply to that comment

>Every single shoe maker on the market?

Which might explain u/im_a_dr_not_ 's confusion.




Compensation wise It’s not all that different.  You can’t afford a one bedroom apartment outside the center of San Francisco on 15 bucks an hour.  And you can’t afford an apartment outside the center of Dhaka on 30 bucks a month.  It’s actually pretty similar prices when you convert the Bangladeshi currency to dollars.    

If you’re going to talk working conditions, then yeah I’d say you’re more than a little better off in the old US of A.




Florida is probably the easiest place to become a nudist. Plus there are so many nude beaches here you would fit right in... as long as you are cool with naked 70 year old men. 




 Isn't the message about making sacrifices to make the world a better place? What sacrifice has Nike made in the name of social justice? What sacrifice did Kaep make? He had a 78% passer rating when he left the league. He's more rich and famous now than he ever would have been in the NFL. Nike is just trying to cash in on controversy. Nothing like a good polarizing argument amongst the masses to sell shoes am I right?




Doesn't Nike have most of it's factories in Indonesia and Bangledesh? I remember that Nike made a press release recently saying that they were moving production out of China




[deleted]




Your argument is terribly confused.

1) "We" as a collective have known Nike runs on sweatshop labor since time immemorial, but that doesn't mean that every person new that. Nobody knows everything and very smart people sometimes don't know very well-known facts.

2) "We" as a collective have known that every major clothing company uses sweatshop labor, but again, not everybody knows that. In fact, since Nike is such a poster child for the practice, it seems entirely feasible to me that someone could know Nike uses sweatshops and be entirely ignorant of the rest of the clothing industry's practices.

3) No one cared? This has been debate pretty much constantly in one circle or another since those shops opened. I remember reading articles about the controversy surrounding them when I was a kid. Just because you haven't seen them doesn't mean the debate isn't happening outside your field of vision.

4) I'm sure some people are pretending to, sure. If you think *everyone* who is talking about the sweatshops is pretending, I'd need some justification for that. 

The whole "everyone who disagrees with me is being dishonest" is horribly unconstructive.




Really? Threat of imprisonment? I need to see evidence because even in China that would not work. From what I have seen this is absolutely not the case. 

Turnover is high because there is actually competition for skilled workers. 




[deleted]




you're right. i dont have materialized problems




I mean you said 'Sweatshops are bad, but generally the rest of the jobs are worse.' With minimum wage increases it can be said 'Minimum wage is bad, but having no job is worse.' This is what happens when you increase minimum wage enough and make it challenging for businesses to exist - esp those in low margin industries like the restaurant industry.




Right, but who could have anticipated that Nike would go out on a limb and risk having him endorse the brand? I never would have thought they'd do it. Could Kaepernick really have anticipated that kind of opportunity? Maybe, but I think it's a bold statement to claim he started kneeling for personal gain. You really can't know his motives and I don't think there's enough evidence to say he thought he'd be better off financially if he knelt.

EDIT: and when I said "didn't help him with his options," I specifically meant options for being a paid quarterback in the NFL.




He was signed to Nike a while back.

And maybe all his charity work played a part in it.




Alex Smith also once lost his job to that same Colin Kaepernick.  Alex Smith has been a starter for a playoff team the last few years.  I agree that Kaepernick regressed but getting benched in a year he was hurt isn’t some telling sign that he’s going to be horrible forever 




Socialism was an idea that was come up with by theorists as a stepping stone for society towards reaching a utopianistic society. The term communism came to be in the early 1900s and it was used by Socialists who ascribed to the ideas of Lenin. Communists all still considered themselves socialists. Lenin is the one that said the goal of socialism is communism. That quote is elaborated upon here by /u/JustAnotherBrick on /r/Socialism

His comment follows the paraphrased question "Do you agree Communism is the goal of Socialism, do you believe all Socialists should?"

His answer follows:

Before we can answer this question, we have to understand the context.

Socialism is used to refer to a large variety of ideologies, from Communism to Market Socialism to many others.

In Marxist thought, society is said to move in stages of development. For instance, feudalism creates wealth and when technology is developed and implemented the two combine to create the material conditions necessary for capitalism to arise. Then capitalism (coupled with technological innovation) allows for the next societal development. This next development is socialism. So, to summarize this paragraph; society moves in such a way that feudal society leads to capitalist society which leads to socialist society which leads to communist society.

So, we have "Socialism" which is a range of ideologies (I will use a big S to denote this), and then we have "socialism" which is a stage of society (I will use a small s to denote this).

Lenin was talking about socialism. What he was talking about was that eventually, due to various factors such as the ending of scarcity, socialism would create the material conditions necessary for communism to come about.

"The goal of socialism is communism" then becomes "socialist society is eventually going to pave the way for communist society"

Now, to answer your question I personally do agree with this statement. Whether or not all socialist will/should agree with it is beyond me however. I'm not sure all of them understand the context of the statement, and whats more, there is various argument and debate as to what a socialist society actually looks like and whether it would inherently lead to communist society.




> It's called Capitalism

You don't know what capitalism is; as you have so flagrantly displayed in this thread. 

Capitalism is ONLY an economic and political system in which a country's trade and industry are controlled by private owners for profit, rather than by the state.

Want labor owned by the people? Sounds like capitalism is right up your alley. 

We've seen what happens when an authoritarian and monolithic behemoth of the State owns the national labor. They exploit and the bodies of the workers stack up in the hundreds of millions. 

I am perfectly accepting of socialist policies but communism has no place in society that values human output and life. 

Fortunately, as a vessel, communism is not sea worthy and will never leave port. 






And sticking your foot in the shoe somehow wouldn’t have reminded you of that




Honestly, probably absolutely nothing.




[deleted]




Right! And cop multiple pairs in different colorways, follow new releases, stand in line/stakeout online to cop... etc. Nike knows who their customers are.




No, they're the people who are willing to fiend that kind of money in creaky shoes and then compassion that they don't make enough money writing at McDonald's to aid a 10,000 Sq ft house in 20 acres of land and a 30 stall garage for their Ferrari collection that they also can't afford. 




Morning Consult: [Nike's Favorability Drops Double Digits Following New ‘Just Do It’ Campaign with Colin Kaepernick](https://morningconsult.com/form/nike-kaepernick-report/)

> Key Findings

> 1. Nike’s Favorability Drops by Double Digits: Before the announcement, Nike had a net +69 favorable impression among consumers, it has now declined 34 points to +35 favorable.

> 2. No Boost Among Key Demos: Among younger generations, Nike users, African Americans, and other key demographics, Nike’s favorability declined rather than improved.

> 3. Purchasing Consideration Also Down: Before the announcement, 49 percent of Americans said they were absolutely certain or very likely to buy Nike products. That figure is down to 39 percent now.

Morning Consult isn't some right-wing biased Rasmussen-type poll, either. [Their poll results on the ACA were cited by the Obama administration](https://morningconsult.com/white-house-release-affordable-care-act-media-update/). They work with Vox, Politico, Bloomberg News, and the NY Times. 




Yeah, all these "Fox News" shit-tier sources like: 

- Deutsche Welle: [Nike's ad with football player Colin Kaepernick creates controversy](https://www.dw.com/en/nikes-ad-with-football-player-colin-kaepernick-creates-controversy/a-45352575)

- Sunday Times: [Nike shares hit as Kaepernick ad spurs boycott](https://www.timeslive.co.za/sunday-times/business/2018-09-05-watch--nike-shares-hit-as-kaepernick-ad-spurs-boycott/)

- NBC: [Nike doubles down on defiance of Kaepernick criticism, releases full-length TV ad](https://www.nbcnews.com/business/business-news/nike-doubles-down-kaepernick-controversy-releases-full-length-tv-ad-n906786)

- Atlanta Journal Constitution: [Colin Kaepernick’s controversial Nike ad will debut during Falcons’ season opener](https://www.ajc.com/sports/football/colin-kaepernick-controversial-nike-will-debut-during-falcons-season-opener/IXveTpolnFSKPAwsbsDUFK/)

Controversial means some people like it, and some people don't. Criticism comes from people not liking something. Or are all those articles "fake news"? 




Or the stock market.




You see these leads?  They're the Kaepernick leads...




market cap going down a billion dollars is not the same thing as losing a billion dollars




> I don't know what world you're in where billions of dollars isn't a massive amount of money, because it is.

Not when you usually deal with numbers in the hundreds of billions it’s not. And again, Nike didn’t lose billions of dollars, their market capitalization did.




Because their market cap went from $132 billion to $129 billion. Unless it becomes a trend, it could just be chalked up to a normal market fluctuation that the Kaepernick campaign had little to no real impact on. 




when the company is worth 91 billion 




The 3.2 billion is off of the market cap, which is the stock price times the number of shares. It isn’t actual money lost by Nike.




The very first paragraph is:

>Nike Inc.’s market capitalization is down $3.4 billion since the company released its latest ad campaign featuring controversial quarterback-turned-activist Colin Kaepernick.

If you still want to complain about the media peddling a narrative or whatever because that's not in the headline, it's nobody's problem/fault but the ones who can't be bothered to read beyond a handful of words but still voice low-informed opinions. Can't blame the media if those people don't exercise skills they've been taught since elementary school.




I mean we're literally in an article citing "buzz" being worth 163 million dollars. That's no more or less tangible than the market valuation, but only the market valuation is being cited as not being real dollars.






Not a huge stretch. In fact, not a stretch at all.

President is a big part of the government. Influencing millions of fans, attempting to pressure the team owners through public statements definitely counts as doing something.




Have you heard of worker strikes? Because it sounds like that's a foreign concept to you. Protests are usually done in a way that gets you to notice them. You should actually appreciate that these players took the advice of a Marine to protest in a non disruptive and respectable way. And for those that see a 3 second clip of someone kneeling during the anthem and lose all enjoyment for the next few hours as a result? They need to grow thicker skin.




Oh come off it.  If he protested off the clock you lot would still demand he get thrown out of the NFL.  It never seems to be the right time or place for black people to speak up, does it?




I understand that. Bad place, bad timing, and everything going on made it blow up big. The people's psyche and emotional stability needs to be reinforced. I feel with so much sensational media, and with everyone throwing their opinions every where on every thing makes it difficult if you don't have a certain level of mental and emotional fortitude. Not saying opinions are bad they are truly great and allow you to speak your mind, but that power people don't understand how to use too well, or handle on the receiving side of things.
I appreciate you sharing your opinion without making a big deal though. It was insightful. Thank you.




Oh such a shame! Let's just pick apart a protest to reduce it to an absurdity so we can blame the people protesting for the problem at hand. Such shame. If it weren't for them I would fight for this cause. But instead I don't care about it. 

That's a fucking dumb stance to have about anything.




if you bigots got to pick the time and place no one would see it. visibility is what matters




So does everyone else. Your views however are blurred by obvious bias. Good luck.




I can assure you I am not a Russian troll. Nice try. 




No. I'm not wasting my time like that. 




Your comment sound like a typical liberal.  When you can't argue, just call the other side racist.




And a great economist.




Jesus. What the fuck does she have to do with how advertising measures media? Are you a fucking moron?




\> people genuinely being this stupid and not knowing how probability works

Just because an outcome is improbable, doesn't mean if it happens that the probability of it happening was higher than believed. 

A dice roll can only roll a 1 on a single side. Doesn't stop it from happening occasionally.




Note: this isnt witty. It just makes it look like you don't understand polls or percentages.  




Am in marketing analytics. People that can’t cut it here end up doing political polls. Marketers know when you’re going to take a shit and where you’re going to do it and how thick you want your toilet paper.




Here's an article, https://www.businessinsider.com/apple-iphone-factory-foxconn-china-photos-tour-2018-5

Wired has some pictures too if you google foxconn city

Cyberpunk is absolutely going to be our future.




You asked, I shall provide. https://m.imgur.com/r/sports/yoQJv




[deleted]




Hes a pretty big social activist and has already donated more money to organizations than you ever will.




Yeah could be. I knew it was overseas sweatshops and just assumed china. My bad




So supporting someone's cause counts as virtue signaling now?




And turnover for Nike factories is apparently a lot lower than other factories. 




So black jails is a myth? Political prisoners for complaints that the food quality is low? How about that powdered milk guy?

>Turnover is high because there is actually competition for skilled workers. 

Or because the injury rate is the highest in the world like in the complaints about the Apple factory. And considering they'll take anyone from the streets, I guess they don't actually care about skilled considering their construction has the highest rate of failure in the world.




Good luck finding a job that gives you everything you could ever want, I hope you get it. The reality is most people will never have that option and can’t afford to let their families starve in pursuit of an unachievable goal.




They are being overpaid. They're being paid more than most people in their area. It's a job most people in their area want.

You're complaining about people making $10/day when the average is $8 and the majority of the world lives on less then $5/day. If Nike wasn't employing those people, there would be less jobs available and wages could easily be lower because there'd be more competition for the few jobs there are. 

 




I didn't say you don't have material problems. I'm sure you have *plenty* of those.




Unfortunately the comparison isn’t the same.

For one, as I said these jobs pay BETTER than others in the area, instead of being the lowest paid jobs in the richest country in the world. 

Second, raising the minimum wage in a country like the U.S. doesn’t raise inflation in a meaningful sense, and doesn’t raise unemployment in a meaningful sense either. (Obviously there is an upper limit, you couldn’t set a $100 minimum wage)

The only comparison one can draw between the two is that the more you pay people, the more you raise the standard of living in their economy. It turns out a rising tide raises all bots. 




Alex Smith went to a situation with a QB-friendly coach (Andy Reid) and produced. He's 2/2 for his last 2 coaches, and has consistently produced for 7 seasons in a row, winning 69% of his starts since 2011. 

SF brought in Chip Kelly, a coach seemingly tailor-made for Kaepernick, and it imploded. This was after Kaepernick underwhelmed playing for previous coach Jim Tomsula, who was a Kaepernick supporter. 2 coaches banked on Kaepernick, and both those guys are fired now. That's not an encouraging sign for the next coach. 

At this point, Kaepernick is 1/3 on coaches he's produced for, and the 1 is long gone with no signs of returning to the NFL anytime soon. 

Kaepernick had a moment. But lots of guys have moments, and 2012-13 is a long time ago in NFL terms, and moments often go as quick as they came. Robert Griffin III and Christian Ponder had moments in 2012 too. That's just life in the NFL - 1 day you're Doug Williams and Timmy Smith combining for 550 yards and 6 TDs to win the Super Bowl, and then 3 years later you're outta the league entirely. 




> "socialist society is eventually going to pave the way for communist society"

Which is silly considering communes existed in isolation in Pre Kievan Rus. It can work very small scale.

It will never function at any medium or large scale.  




Appreciate the response




Hmmm, you're making your argument that Capitalism isn't what's wrong with the way America works but Communism has been the problem for the countries that worked towards it. A dictatorship of the proletariat has never been established, so to attribute the things you're talking about to Communism instead of the corruption of politicians is wrong for the same reasons you're telling me I'm wrong about Capitalism.




Nike doesn't advertise solely for name recognition. 




And if you apply that same math to Adidas?




Pretty bad idea to try to link market fluctuations to stuff like this type of ad campaigns.  Lots of other companies dropped on the same day.  

Adidas, on a completely different exchange also dropped 2.8% on the same day.  




You think this is abuse?! How are you gonna handle the abuse you get on a kneel?!




The whole point of the post you replied to is that *most* people don't go beyond headlines, myself *not* included. I don't find it in good taste to comment on articles I don't read. How do I know what's in them? I also read everything I sign, too. In fact, I haven't even taken a position one way or the other on what's going on, besides displaying my ignorance on corporate finances.




Their protests have nothing to do with the NFL so they need to keep it outside of the NFL.  Why should the NFL lose money because of what other people want to bring into their game?  It's about the principal not about the 3 secs it takes to grab attention.




Workers striking and a workers protesting are two COMPLETELY different things. 




Lol no. Many other players have done it off the clock.




There are thousands of issues I can give a damn about.  I'll support ones that do it the right way over the ones that act like children.  Fucking disgusting I know.

I'm glad your here to support the issue.  Be sure to buy an extra pair of Nikes for me.




Lol bigots. These guys play 1 fucking day a week for millions. Most of the consumers of the NFL just want to watch a game. Not see a grown man stomping his feet. 




No, they don't. Most use feelings over facts from what I've seen. The statistics poke holes in their argument, so they ignore them. 

https://nypost.com/2016/09/06/the-lies-told-by-the-black-lives-matter-movement/




Because you clearly have nothing other than trying to name call in order to shut down a conversation. 

Adios. 




I'd rather sound like a liberal than a racist moron. You've just confirmed that for me.

Also, you're a hypocrite - you didn't even answer my question about why it hurts your feelings when a black man kneels, you just went into the "typical liberal" bullshit.

But seriously - what is it about him exercising his first amendment rights that bothers you?




> Most workers do one task repeatedly all day, such as polishing the screen, soldering one component, or fitting a single screw into the back of the phone.

That sounds nightmarishly tedious. Those also sound like the sort of things that would be automated the instant labor costs went up at all.




Jesus Christ that's big




Link doesn't work




>Context is important. That's why there is a button on reddit that says 'context'. If you look above it says "have you looked into the working conditions of all the other brands you buy? They all use sweatshops. Even the high end brands."

Except that absolutely was not the comment above your comment. In your words "context is important". You just messed up and responded to the wrong comment, we all do it every now and then.




Don't forget time too.  Kaep has used more of his time this year towards charity than mubatt will his entire life.  




Lol it's all good. Sweatshops in Asia usually have terrible work conditions 




For a lot of people it seems like having a stance on anything and speaking about it means you’re virtue signaling 




[deleted]




[deleted]




Where we disagree is that minimum wage absolutely does raise unemployment - particularly in low like the restaurant industry as I said. The fallacy is assuming those jobs remain there after the wage increases.




It will. It's going to take a long time and such a system isn't achievable through revolution. A Socialist system is however achievable through revolution.




>dictatorship of the proletariat has never been established

Ah yes, the old "its never really been tried"

Capitalism has MANY success stories.

Communism simply doesn't.

I won't bother arguing with you. I'll let history do that.

Take it up with the mass graves and human history. 




That's a fair point. 

Cheers. 




They took the Rio Rancho...




And again, the media isn't responsible for those people refusing to read beyond a headline. You need to take that effort and put it into encouraging those people to do so instead of accusing the media of trying to peddle a false narrative.




[deleted]




"Protest, but only in ways that nobody can see."




When was the last black protest you approved of?




Oh no! They kneeled during muh merica song and it had zero effect on me. Yeah, theyre the children.

Eh, I don't buy anything new though. I don't support any company. Just people. 




Americans are the densest fucks on earth, read a little about your racist country the last 150 years. If you are so triggered by something that effects you in know way, you are the bitch stomping their feet lol




The same goes for your argument. Nothing is ever purely cut and dry. The world is a nuanced place, you ever think just maybe both sides have a little bit of the truth in them but you let your own bias override that?




Because without these sweatshops these women would have no jobs, their children would go hungry and their lives would be worse. It’s easy to sit in front of your computer and complain about how things could be more fair but most people don’t have the luxury of waiting around until that is the case.




Look up the conditions of Nike's workshops. They got flack for it a while back, but then they pushed back on the factories they partnered with and they've improved immensely. 




You can disagree, but your disagreement isn’t rooted in fact. Because almost every study says that you are dead wrong. 

https://www.nelp.org/wp-content/uploads/NELP-Data-Brief-Raise-Wages-Kill-Jobs-No-Correlation.pdf

http://cepr.net/documents/publications/min-wage-2013-02.pdf

http://cepr.net/blogs/cepr-blog/update-13-states-that-raised-minimum-wage

The simple fact people forget (or intentionally leave out) is that if people are *earning* more money, they’re likely to *spend* more money. 




I am perfectly accepting of socialist policies but communism has no place in society that values human output and life.

Fortunately, as a vessel, communism is not sea worthy and will never leave port.




Imperialism is what causes the majority of the loss of life in the world. Stalin had many people killed thinking it was all building towards a better society those people were standing in the way of. Few people still support him, most Communists just understand the rationale of his actions, they don't believe that they should be replicated. Just like Capitalism learns from its many failures and has come to be regulated by Social Democracy, the path towards Communism will change as well, and I guarantee you it won't look anything like Stalin's rule.




Yes it does. Thanks! I probably wouldn't have jumped in the mess if I kept up with markets better. I probably read some propaganda going the other direction because there were no mentions of the entire market going down and I don't follow closely. All well. It's a lively discussion.




"Organizing is hard!"




I can't say I care for them, why? They don't need my approval




Great me too!  It looks like the "protests" had zero effect and less people care in general.  Some ex players are making a lot of money though. Great protest!




Kaps banking on people like you. A sub-par QB that was about to be cut. Then throws a fit on the job. You say I'm "triggered" yet the nfl managed to lose cash. Nike lost 3 or 4 BILLION. It's not because of Rasicim it's because we've seen this kind of virtue signaling before from fucking millionaires. It might affect people with white guilt like you but it does NOTHING for people that live in the real world.




No it doesn't. I never said it was cut and dry, and I acknowledge that there have been instances of brutality and wrongful shootings, however, statistically those are pretty rare. They would have you believe that these things happen every day, and simply because there are so many racist cops running around out there targeting blacks with impunity, which isn't true. 




Title: 
College of the Ozarks says it will remove all uniforms purchased from Nike that contain its logo

Comments: 
College of the Ozarks is a Christian college with an enrollment of 1,400 in the middle of fuck nowhere. Who cares.




Not College of the Ozarks! Nike is doomed without them! 




Burn shoe because sport man no stand for country song




Never understood the hate for Colin. Hes an athlete. If he chose to kneel, he chose to kneel, big whoop. Hes the one on the field. I watched a video of someone burning nikes, whilst burning them he stated his father fought in the vietnam war. And then here i am thinking "Oh great, your father fought a war, and here you are mad at a athlete" lol




Under Armour is scrambling right now. “THIS IS OUR MOMENT GUYS!!! GO GO GO!”




idiots.  his kneeling is to protest racism and police brutality. in protesting hes demonstrating his right of free speech. free speech is one our most important rights. his not disrespecting the country. dont listen to our idiot president.  




Remember when everyone loved Tebow on the field for kneeling to celebrate Jesus while on company time? Why didn’t he just do it when he wasn’t on the field. I mean it’s not appropriate to be making personal statements on the field not related to work. 

Wait, this isn’t actually about making political statements on the field? It’s about black people protesting?




So it begins.

I have a hat with an American flag on it. I recently wore it out and was accused of being a Trump supporter.

What will people say to me once I wear my Nike hats and shirts? Now I have to be mindful of the brands I use or risk abuse from one side or the other?

This situation is getting real fucking stupid.




There is nothing patriotic about professional or collegial sporting events. The only sporting events where our national anthem should be played are international competition, one country's team against another. I served to protect the right to free speech among other things. 




"Marty Bird..." (low smoky Latin accent)




Who gives a shit?




The uniforms are already paid for. Who cares?




I wish they would stop calling the ad "controversial" There's nothing controversial about standing up for what's right




They call liberals snowflakes, yet act like this? 




I bet they don't even know why.




Lets see, a southern college with 92.4% white student body instructed by a 98.7% white faculty is objecting to a Nike advertisement featuring a black athlete protesting police treatment of his fellow blacks.  Makes sense to me!




Nike still has their money. 




Both of their fans are upset




They can do whatever they want. It's their right. But they completely missed the point of the campaign and what Kaepernick is doing. 




I am wearing my Nikes.   I like them.




Honestly the way their uniforms look they are doing Nike a favor 




I'm still baffled how an objective person could approach this situation from the beginning, see Colin Kaepernick kneeling during the national anthem, ask themselves "Why is he doing that?", google "Why is Colin Kaepernick kneeling?", read the numerous direct statements from Kaepernick and teammates explicitly saying he's kneeling in protest of police brutality and injustice, and conclude that he hates this country, our flag and our veterans.

I'm just baffled. Really. It's just so stupid. Anyone who has ever said that Kaepernick hates this country, or the flag, or the veterans, never approached this entire situation objectively in the first place and I'm willing to bet 100% of them were originally informed of his protest through some right-wing news source and not from having watched it themselves or having listened to Kaepernick explain why he did what he did.

Lastly, you'd think a "Christian" college would stand up and agree with someone who's advocating for the oppressed, but here we are...




Sure hope they donate all those clothes to the homeless veterans they suddenly pretend to care about.




Nobody cares about about some shitty Jesus school in butt fuck nowhere with less than 2,000 students attending

Good job, you showed them 




Build a wall around it




Believe in something, even if it means sacrificing a few thousand dollars worth of uniforms.




Trump supporters about to be big College of the Ozarks fans




Plantation masters used to love watching their slaves sing and dance. It was fine to be in their presence when the slaves were entertaining them, but once they opened their mouths and got uppity and thought they had notions of equality, well, it was time to teach them a lesson.

To these modern day yokels, Kaep is just another uppity black person who doesn't know how to stay in his place. The thought of all people being equal to the white man just about kills them.




Some religious 'college' nobody has heard of got upset that athletes are protesting police brutality. College of what? The Ozarks?  Go figure. Good job living up to the stereotype.




What's the College of the Ozarks? 




What would these people think if they found out the college football teams of the Army, Navy, and Air Force all wear Nike uniforms?




If people are really pissed that they resort to burning Nike products, why don't they just donate it homeless veterans to help them out? 




Man, I guess the message here is Christ really liked police brutality.  




Cult college follows cult rules this really isn't news. 

People can do whatever they want with the American flag or what have you. We aren't Nazi's; I'll wipe my ass with one if I want to. I also won't be standing for any allegiance or anthems. 




It’s pretty clear the Snells wouldn’t care for Kaepernick




[removed]




If only these people would show the same passion against Police Brutality Colin Kaepernick wouldn't need to kneel. 




How is this going to affect Marty Byrd and his family?




So... a Church is protesting a private corporation's endorsement of a celebrity opposed to the State?




Oh no a  joke of a college with 1.5k students is dropping Nike, who the fuck actually cares? A bunch of methed up christian hillbillies? How will Nike ever survive!!!! 




I hear that their offensive line is also mostly strawmen.




I’ve never understood this. They say “please stand for our military while we sing the National Anthem” or whatever they say. If they separated giving a moment to stand and silence for the military, then went into the National Anthem and the athletes kneeled it seems like it would totally kill this disrespect to the military idea.




Lol, Who gives a shit.   Nike is a shitty company that does horrible things.  Football is a shitty sport that promotes shitty things.  It's not about the flag or country its about stupid cops behaving badly and a public person doing something before a dumb as sporting game.  No one would say anything if they kneeled before the price is right or the Spinger show.  Its all entertainment.  Fuck football.




Interesting, I would imagine that their athletic conference has some kind of uniform requirement that specifies the supplier.




So they still want the uniforms, just not the swoosh . . .




The college campus lecture hall.

https://pre00.deviantart.net/4102/th/pre/i/2017/120/d/1/shack_of_the_ozarks_by_fabulaphoto-db7pikj.jpg




For the most part, wasn't Jesus a rebel who tried to not hurt anyone while rebelling?

And didn't he whip bad guys once?




College of the Ozarks spends their student's tuition to pay salary to a VP of patriotism whose job is to tell them what to wear. 




I'm gonna go buy Nikes specifically because of these type of reactions




The woke generation is a $44 billion dollar cash cow waiting to be milked.

&#x200B;

Nike is betting on millennial dollars, not a college run by a cult.




If it’s not controversial, why would he do it? The only reason TO do it is to generate controversy. Kind of self evident.




Something tells me they will still buy lots of stuff made in countries that jail / persecute members of their religion...




We are using the term college liberally. 




This is unbelievable
 There's a college in the Ozarks?




The only part of the Kaepernick Nike ad I don't get is why would Kaepernick even need an athletic shoe where the only competition he will face is in suing the NFL for collusion.  I would think Florsheim would be a better fit since it is more appropriate for a court room.




I’m sure this will make Nike reconsider everything. EVERYTHING. 




I wonder what would the reaction would be if the players took a knee to protest priests sexually assaulting children?




So it begins. The end of time has come. Come on everybody, to the fallout shelter! 




lmao what a non-story.

Nike/Adidas/everyone pay schools to wear their clothes.

This shit school will stop BUYING nike. 




YES!!! We get to learn who the real bigots are.




Just for that I'm not watching any of their games this year!




send marty byrde over to straighten it out....




> In their new ad campaign, we believe Nike executives are promoting an attitude of division and disrespect toward America

what in the hillbilly?  how do you get something like that from [THIS](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mreQsQrDF-A) commercial?  holy fuck these people are taking their hatred of black people to a new level......




You ALREADY paid for them, so what's the point here? Nike has your money, so what is accomplished?  




As someone who's been to the area 

It's shit poor, corrupt as hell, and the only thing more prevalent than the extremist Christianity is meth.   The two are strangely not mutually exclusive. 






By doing that, they actually added more coverage for Nike. What they did was basically advertising Nike for free. Very smart people...




Be a real shame if that college got DeVos'd




https://www.cofo.edu/Page/About-College-of-the-Ozarks/Accolades-Accreditation.2178.html

"College of the Ozarks, or Hard Work U., is a Christian, no-tuition college. All students work on campus"

i.e., not a real college -- it's a summer camp set up for Evangelicals as a parallel "higher education" plan so that they don't have to have their purposeful ignorance and sectarian identity challenged by science, history, and other inconvenient truths.

TL;DR: Cult's gonna cult. No one should care.




What ugly petty people in Missouri.  




The assertion that cops are quick to shoot black suspects more quickly has been proven false repeatedly. 

http://www.forcescience.org/fsnews/266.html

Kneeling for the anthem, while Kaepetnick’s constitutional right, was and is, by design,  a highly offensive gesture. I think it’s reasonable for people to be offended by gestures intended to be offensive.

A ball game used to be a place where, regardless of your race, religion, or creed, folks could come together and support “their team.”  Likewise, the National Anthem, was a 90 second moment where we could all come together and acknowledge our shared National identity, and have just a moment of grateful contemplation before splintering back into our individual selves. 

The anthem is a tradition, one of very few that we could all partake, reflect on, and enjoy together as Citizens of The United States of America. But not any more. It’s all narcissism and grievance mongering all the time, everywhere, and in all places. How unfortunate for us all.






*"In their new ad campaign, we believe Nike executives are promoting an attitude of division and disrespect toward America," College of the Ozarks President Jerry C. Davis said in a statement on Wednesday.*

The ad is intended to be inclusive and inspiring.




The students will eat the cost.




Nike thinks they can sell more shoes to people globally that dislike Trump than those that like him. 

That seems like a good bet.




Welp, turns out my initial asumption upon seeing the name "Ozarks" was pretty damn spot on.




Kaepernick: Let us work to stop police from shooting people of color. Let us hold bad cops accountable for their actions.

Most White People: Kaepernick is disrespecting our flag!! That is so egregious we can’t even begin to discuss dead black children and parents until our lifeless piece of cloth is held to the standard we expect; which is to say, nothing you do will ever be good enough for us, so stay in your fucking place!

Me: As a white person seeing the majority of white Americans completely missing the point of the protest. Please pull your racist heads out of your asses and see that this man just wants everyone to be treated equally and that includes the police. All he is asking is that no one be above the law-especially those sworn to uphold and protect it. 

And for those of you who are pissed about Kaepernick dissing the flag, how come you never bitched once about the many flag code violations committed every day by white people? I.e wearing the flag, using the flag to sell shit, painting your truck to look like a flag... all violations you won’t hear a thing about because none of those flag violations are being done to better the lives of people who don’t look like you. To be very clear, kneeling is not disrespectful in any way. It is not violating any flag code. Soldiers take a knee for their fallen brethren all the time. This not about the flag at all. This is what racism looks like.




[deleted]




It is amazing how many people support cops murdering innocent people just because they are black.

I cannot believe how open racism is now an accepted thing.




I hope Nike offers uniforms without the swish/other logos and that the college buys them.




Have they installed that satanic electricity yet?




Not surprised, it's in the middle of GOP land.




I don't understand how this makes people so upset.

However I did see some one call him Colin Sackorpick and I thought that was a great pejorative nickname. 




Fuck college of the Hoezarks.




Schools should stay out of politics! Unless their politics are conservative!




Fantastic!
Push back America!




I wonder if they will become the official school of the Klan now.

&#x200B;

 




Ok, can someone tell me what I missed with Nike?




I despise the mentality that one person’s sacrifice can be more valid than another’s. People are free to feel shame for their country and right now they really should be.

Fuck this school.




If this school or anyone else wants to throw away their Nike garb, please please donate it to the homeless instead.   A child who owns nothing will be especially pleased to receive a pair of brand name sneakers.




I’m glad this is happening if someone tells me they hate nike now. I know they’re just ignorant, and I’ll walk away from them if possible. If i work with them I just avoid having conversations with them.




NCAA powerhouse The College of the Ozarks 




Name of the college says it all.




What a waste of money




Your outrage/support is being leveraged as a FUCKING MARKETING STRATEGY. 

http://time.com/money/5388940/colin-kaepernick-nike-ad-publicity/




Then it’s administration is racist or too stupid to be teaching anything.  Good to know. 




I am so glad to see this happening, even if it is for the wrong reasons. IMO this is all long overdue bad karma payout for their history of sweatshop child slavery and shit like the nike swoosh branded sports hijab.




Wow, they really don't like black people complaining about being murdered about police there!




Nice to know that College of Ozarks supports police brutality. I know, someone's going to come in and tell me it doesn't and this is about disrespecting the flag. So, when that happens, now whoever said this can tell me has anyone EVER at the College of Ozarks said that they don't agree with Kaepernick, but think we do need criminal justice system reform? Yep, already know the answer.




I wouldn't expect any less from a old white liberal arts Christian College within a stones throw of Ferguson, MO.  I'm sure Trump will be soon be making a campaign stop at the College for one of his famous inclusive campaign speeches.




well big fucking deal who the hell cares?

don't agree with kaepernick?  don't like nike now?

IDGAF

you may think your opinion is important.  you may think this action carries weight.

you're wrong.  it doesn't.

opinions are truly like assholes.   we'd all be better served if people stopped parading their's around like it was something special





Definitely not a problem for a school that has no football team and their basketball team looks like [this.](https://imgur.com/a/iZb3D2y)




Please could you find a more hillrod sounding school?  Apparently Hills Have Eyes Tech wears Adidas.




A dumb and futile gesture. Not to mention racist. Clever nike




Make sure the new uniforms aren't made in China, which is currently holding millions of Muslims in reform camps. 

BTW, torturing Muslims is a bad thing, in case you need reminding. 




I'm going to be "that guy": there's WAY too many more pressing issues in America right now to hone in on than this shit and I feel like every damn time there's something potentially shady that could affect a whole generation there's seemingly a side-distraction that happens to get us off the train. 

Right now we should be paying attention to the confirmation hearings for a guy who may or may not be against many items that people hold dearly including abortion. He could just be a normal guy who should be confirmed OR he could be a wolf in sheep's clothing and the American public needs to stop it however possible. Instead? We're seeing folks burn their garbage ass shoes that they should have thrown away while wearing the symbols of other clothing companies that aren't even American enough to have their operations in America. 

College of the Ozarks can't support Colin? Quit being attention whores. This ISN'T a boycott moment. Boycott moments are when a company does something so foul...so heinous....so awful that you want them to cease to exist until they profusely apologize. This is a marketing moment that should have just been ignored. 

Idiots. 




I don't know if it still is, but for a long time it was tuition free.

All students were required a certain number of work study hours. They did things like the landscaping and janitorial duties. 

I like that part of it. That said, it is JUUUSSSTTTT to the left of Liberty




Interesting how religion seems somehow entwined with a completely non-religious issue. 




Seems like a move from Marty Byrde to try and legitimize his money laundering college. 




The news article is from a local news site. 

But because they are doing this "brave" action of removing Nike logo, they will most likely get national attention. 

But because this is a good ol' "family values" christian college, this is a great way to virtue signal about  their popular right wing outrage to other republican "family values" christians. 




It's virtue signalling. Worse, it's a college idolizing the nation. 




Yea, I don't care. Shithole school going to do shithole school things. I mean it sounds more like a cult, really. On their homepage they proudly display their patriotic education requirements. Sounds like they'd boot you for not standing for the pledge. I personally wouldn't want to go to any college where the pledge is a common thing. 




And they still paid for the stuff so it’s not like a real hit to Nike




10 bucks their student body is 99% white.




Also, it's the Ozarks. This college just had to reinforce the stereotype of the Ozarks being filled with dumb redneck hillbillies. And over what? Black athletes protesting police brutality. Wow. Just wow. I wonder how long they waited for the right issue to come along.




So they choose to back the "flag" agenda of a guy who commits adultry, divorced, serial liar, thief, greedy, and many others - very close to the opposite of what a christian is SUPPOSED to be.

What hypocrites.  




Seems like you care, you’re the one who clicked and commented....




Well that's 1400 students who are getting a racist fascist college education.  That's pretty scary.




My dad tried to get me to move back to Missouri to attend this college. Glad I didn't, they seem like a lame institution.




Can confirm. Live a few miles from it. Population is like 6k. Bible belt as far as they eye can see. 

People losing their damn minds. 




Lmfaooo! This is what the internet is all about. It's just like people crying and publicising the Nazi guy who won an unopposed primary with 200 votes. No one heard of or cared about these people until you demonized them and marketed the shit out of them all over the internet. Then you want to take away those people's first amendment rights. Pretty damn hillarious




If it were just "we don't want someone's brand symbol on our uniforms" I could understand, but no, according to the article this is 100% about the Kaep ads.  What complete losers.




You could have stopped with Christian, but thanks with the details




I have community colleges near me with 10 times that enrollment!




You're right, but this mentality is toxic. If it was St. Johns I'd say the same thing and apply it to shithole NYC. Ya Digg?




No worries, they still got the College of Winterhold.




How will they ever recover?




My favorite part about this whole debacle is that Nike, like literally every other company the right decided to boycott, is doing absolutely fine, if not a little better then before. 




They still good with College of the Bozarks though 




Knowing the people in that region and their politics, this will probably boost their attendance... 




But sky cloth can't freedom if sport man no stand.




Burn shoe because ran out of crosses to burn




[deleted]




The funniest part about all the hate for Kaep's kneeling is that it was specifically suggested to him by a veteran and green beret as a way to protest. If that dude thought it was okay enough for him to protest that way, who the fuck are these couch warriors to say that it's disrespectful? Never mind the fact that he isn't even protesting the flag or the military or whatever it is these morons have been brainwashed into thinking Kaep is protesting. I disagree with him significantly on some points, but as far as the protesting goes, he's done absolutely nothing wrong and it's hilarious to see people get so triggered over it.




Veteran by proxy.  It should be called out every time it's uttered.  




Its because conservative media neatly pirouetted around his actual stated message of police brutality and fell back on the Support Our Troops card. It worked. Now everyone is too distracted with meta-commentary about the protest itself to actually discuss the issues he wanted discussed.

Kaep: "We need police reform."

Fox: "WHY DO YOU HATE THE TROOPS?!"

Other media: "Does Kaepernick hate the troops? More debates at 11."




If you pay attention, this is a common Fox News-style Republican tactic to distract people with moral panic.

"The Trump administration is incompetent and corrupt and falling apart at the seams, but pay no attention to the man behind the curtain.  Instead, *look over here*!  There's a black man who hates the troops!  Don't you hate how disrespectful black people always are?!"

I mean, that's pretty much what it's about.  Same with the "War on Christmas" and Birtherism and a million other manufactured scandals.  They latch onto some misleading and inconsequential issue, and then stir up their audience using exaggerations and dog whistles.  Their audience gets so worked up over something stupid that they don't pay attention to what's going on.




It's because God-overlord-emperor-daddy Trump started to shit on him and then kept on going with the hateful rhetoric. 




Maybe people should be more concerned with the slave labor in Nike's supply chain but no it's because football man took a knee before a game. A game




I couldn't give half a shit about the kneeling or any amount of activism but here's why I'm not a fan of Kap:

1) He is a jerk. Many moons ago when he was a 49er he came back to visit at the UNR campus. While attempting to enter one of the residence halls, he was asked for his ID as part of their guest entry procedures. He refused, asked the front desk girl who the fuck is she, and asked if she knew who he was. Typical bullshit from a guy that got famous. She still didnt let him in. He threw a fit and was subsequently banned from entry to all of the residence halls on campus. This was a pretty big deal at the time since he was doing a lot to promote the university. The dean made the final decision to ban him for being a jerk.

2) he opted out of his contract in San Francisco with the understanding that his two prior seasons with the team were complete garbage and he would be signed by a more successful team. He chose to be a free agent. If not for his choice, he would still be an NFL quarterback. He abandoned his team in favor of the greener grass and it came back to bite him.




> Never understood the hate for Colin.

It's real simple, he's half black.

Ever wonder why nobody ever talks badly about Chris Long?





Show me a wealthy black man and I'll show you 100,000 pissed off white bigots.




It's simple. Daddy trump told him it was bad so that automatically became his opinion. You don't have to apply any logic or reasoning past that, they don't.




Because he's just a douchebag. 

He's the trust fund freshman that "discovers" communism and goes around wearing Che shirts and puts a hammer and sickle on their $80 backpack. 

Raised by white parents, coached, groomed and made to succeed by white folks in high school and college. A whole system of good people supporting him in his endeavors lead to him dating Nessa and turning his back on all of it. Making praising comments about Castro, wearing pig socks, her implying that Ray Lewis is an uncle tom...It's all just so god damned cringey to your average working class white person.

And beyond that is the larger issue that what he's protesting is a non sequitur argument that cops are out hunting unarmed black men. He doesn't want to talk about why these neighborhoods require police intervention with such frequency and severity, nor does he want to offer any real, meaningful solutions to this problem. 

To the average person, it comes off as, "yes, it is a damn shame these dudes were killed, but what could prevent it? What, short of not enforcing the law for one particular ethnic group, or shades of a specific phenotype, would be an adequate solution to the rift between young black men and law enforcement?" 




It pisses me off that because someone saying him sitting during the anthem was a problem, now I get shit when I sit during it. No-one had a problem with this FOR DECADES until some racist fuckheads decided it should be their rallying banner. 




Burning Nikes that they presumably bought. They burned their own shoes, amd paid Nike to be able to ~~just~~ do it.




I dont hate the dude, did lose respect for him over wearing a shirt with Castro on it in Miami, thats pretty fucking ignorant.




[deleted]




I'm pretty right-leaning, and I'll admit the whole thing is blown out of proportion. I do think the are benefits to putting our country's interests first (in the same way you put your oxygen mask on before helping the person next to you in an airplane emergency). And pledging to do that symbolically kind of syncs everyone up a little. But this situation with Nike is just a massive headline generator.




America is the land of the free only when it doesn’t interfere with jingoism. 




So because his dad fought in a war police should shoot as many black people as they can? Not seeing the connection.




*lost a war




What if I don't think Colin is a very good athlete compared to others in the field (I mean obviously better than me - but there are other players I would rather have) but am completely indifferent to people standing, kneeling, sitting, urinating, or standing in the beer line during the national anthem?

My only real gripe with the kneeling during the anthem is that they don't offer a resolution / plan of action beyond racism is bad and not everyone is treated equally. I mean I agree but what specific actions do they want from people?

Either way - it's America the magical place where you can peacefully make statements and companies are free to put whatever person they sponsor on clothing - and people are free to complain about people's statements and to buy / not buy from that company. 




The guy supports communism. Wore socks depicting cops as pigs. He's a piece of shit. 




What many people don't understand is that there is a segment of the population that views the anthem ceremony as a sacred cow; you stand in gratitude for the freedoms you have and the people that sacrifice(d) to allow you to enjoy them. They don't think the country is perfect, they don't disagree with the reasons for the protest, they just disapprove of the method.

What I don't understand is how people can say standing for the anthem is meaningless, or people shouldn't be offended by players refusing to stand. Prior to 2016, when did you see people refusing to stand for the anthem? If refusing to stand for the anthem was normal and accepted, the protest would have gone unnoticed.




I don't care one way or the other, but I could understand if the rules forbade players from protesting, just as they forbid the player spiking/dancing after a touchdown.  They're performers, being paid to perform for a target audience that is overwhelmingly patriotic, and kneeling during the anthem is very poor optics with that crowd, no matter the personal reasons for the protest.

If the owners are okay with it, it's their money to lose.




He protested racism

Unfortunately, protesting during the national anthem left the door wide open to misinterpret the message.

So it was childs play to spin it as a protest against military/veterans/america/freedom.  

&#x200B;




1) he's black.

2) he's interrupting capitalistic empires that own media corporations who are already in the business of telling their audience who to hate.

3) point 2 is exacerbated by point 1.





Too bad most of their athletes like Steph Curry hate Trump and his little douche babies who cry about this shit.

Bubba McBumpkin burning his ten year old Nike kicks doesn’t mean as much as a marquee athlete saying your company has lost touch.




It's funny because the insane degree of hatred for Kaep has really proven his point. This country has serious race issues.




It's amazing how upset people get watching someone exercise their rights. I wonder how long they'd last in a country that doesn't have free speech. 




I had someone argue "kneeling is an action, not speech. It isn't protected by the constitution."

I'm getting closer to abandoning Facebook. 




Freedom of speech doesn't mean freedom of consequence...




No it's not! In my heart I feel it's about spitting on the flag and our soldiers, therefore it is!

/s




well it’s just an opinion bud. i find it offensive. you may say it’s not offensive, but as a marine it does offend me, even if that’s not the intention.
that’s why people are mad...
do you think the gay community would be okay with me calling my friends fa***ts jokingly even if i say i’m not using the word to offend gay people?  no they wouldn’t. 
people are mad because it is offensive to a large percentage of people. things can be offensive without that being the intention. 
i didn’t tour iraq for this dude to kneel to our anthem. you can protest police brutality, but do it in a way that isn’t so controversial and disrespectful to the people who help you keep your rights in the first place. 




[deleted]




[deleted]




[deleted]




He doesn't have that right, or didnt at the time. All players are bound by a document that details their conduct, all the way down to what they can wear on the field. He violated this agreement and wasnt punished, other had in the past and were punished. There are other platforms he could have picked, but he chose one where 54% of the country disagree with him. It should also be noted th as t he hasn't said anything since the start. If he was really a champion for this "cause" then why isnt he championing now that he has the attention?




There's only one answer here.  Wear your flag hat and Nike shirts everywhere.  Watch the head of idiots on both sides spontaneously explode from the inferred intellectual paradox, and bring a new wave of (mostly) renewed civility towards people with differing viewpoints in your wake.




>  Now I have to be mindful of the brands I use or risk abuse from one side or the other?

Or stop caring what morons think of you?




Sorry that happened to you. Unfortunately there are people who wave their flags and shout the loudest, stupidest shit so the flag waving is associated with them and not normal people who just like the flag. Humans have a tendency to be very good at association, in fact they're way too good at it. 




>I have a hat with an American flag on it. I recently wore it out and was accused of being a Trump supporter.

I hate that. I wish liberals would embrace American imagery and stop letting Republicans monopolize it and manipulate it into meaning shit it's not supposed to mean. 




100% agree. I want companies to stay out of politics...stick to donating to cancer cures and such. I get enough politics without needing to know that my chic-fil-a sandwich is right leaning and my nikes are left.

I just want to eat my damn sandwich and wear my shoes without it being political.




That’s why I just returned a pair of Nikes I bought last week. I don’t give a shit about Kaepernick. What I do care about is Nike unilaterally turning something I wear into a political statement. Why the fuck is the shoe industry entering the political realm anyway? 

Nike is exploiting our problems for profit. They don’t care about the issues at all. If this stunt ends up losing them money they’re going to throw Kaepernick out on his ass. 




I'm not going to judge anyone for wearing Nike stuff, but since that ad is the equivalent of "cops shoot black people, so buy Nike", I won't be buying Nike products for myself anymore. The idea that Colin Kaepernick has really "sacrificed" anything is also disgusting to me. They could have picked a far better person to make that point. 




I've been told several times since the election to stop wearing my New Balance because they're white supremacist trump supporter shoes. I guess because some (not mine) are made in the US and they support more manufacturing jobs in the US.




You say there’s nothing patriotic about a sporting event

Foreign person in America here - why is there a military display before baseball and football games, veteran of the game, that sort of thing?

That’s always made me scratch my head a bit.

Has it always been a thing?




Thank you!

Edit: and thank you for your service!




There's the comment I was looking for.




Idiots burning shoes.




People that are interested in seeing the effects, big and small, of Nike’s decision to support the kneelers?




[deleted]




Or kneeling, for that matter 




Depends on your point of view. It is very controversial for white Christian nationalists and people who can't remember that the flag is not an idol. Conveniently both watch fox, who tells them to be angry at the libs "disrespecting the military"




It's privilege to attend College of the Ozarks. 

/s




I like my very old New Balance. Made in America. And I'm not even a Nazi. 




Yep it really is stupid. But the problem is, Fox News airs it as basically "black man hates this country and military" and their viewers run with it, and those are the people that arent going to think about the why 




[deleted]




Of course they care, they always have. Doesn't mean it's worth spending tax dollars "stolen" from hard working Americans!

/S




It's a private conservative rural religious college. It's already there.




Why you think everyone that disagrees with Kaepernick is a Trump supporter? Lots of people don't like either of them. 




[deleted]




I had 2 friends kicked out of here in the 90's, because they found Playboy magazines during room inspections.




Because it's virtue signalling. 




He disrespected them 

Blow his fucking head off. 




[removed]




Time to buy them some new jerseys! What do jerseys cost? $500 each? Let's make it $1,000.




[deleted]




I don't care about football, but why do you hate it so much

I mean this is some serious football hate right here




That's what pisses me off so much about this. They're willing to ignore the fact that all Nike products are made in sweatshops, but they draw the line at a black man protesting for his rights




When he's through kicking the NFL's asses in Court, he'll be walking out with solid gold slippers.




It's not a Catholic school... And non-Catholic Christians don't really care about Catholics lol




There are ugly, petty people everywhere. There are also wonderful people in Missouri. 




It’s a private Christian college.  What would you expect?  Reason and compassion?   Hahah not a Christian strong point.  




Btw, if you're going to use "research" as proof of your point, make sure it's legit. [Cause that "institute" is nothing but a biased mouthpiece for law enforcement agenda](https://www.bloomberg.com/profiles/companies/0831977D:US-force-science-institute-ltd). Or, in case you don't believe me you can read [this.](https://www.nytimes.com/2015/08/02/us/training-officers-to-shoot-first-and-he-will-answer-questions-later.html?mcubz=1&_r=0) Or [this.](https://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/edmonton/canada-warned-about-controversial-police-shooting-expert-1.1374682) And maybe [this.](https://www.news.com.au/lifestyle/real-life/news-life/psychology-professor-william-lewinski-under-fire-over-pseudoscience/news-story/df914ee370a6408c05a4617432baac67) Should I continue?

It's tragic if what you say about your uncle is true. He's a true American hero. But don't use your bitterness to ignore what's wrong in society.





>  a 90 second moment where we could all come together and acknowledge our shared National identity


We haven't had that for many years.  

>The anthem is a tradition, one of very few that we could all partake, reflect on, and enjoy together as Citizens of The United States of America.

Ever since I learned in grade school that part of our freedom in America is that we don't have to stand for the anthem, salute the flag, or anything like that, I've honored the sacrifices made by *not* participating.  It's a right that I can exercise thanks to many people that gave all they had to give me this chance.  Just like kneeling in protest.  Suggesting that someone *has to* stand for the anthem, or that they're compelled to do literally anything at all, is offensive and in my view an insult to those that came before us and set this all up.  




[deleted]




[deleted]




i hope they put Kaeps face on them




\^\^\^\^\^\^\^\^\^\^

/u/gladwyne is a Qanon conspiracy kook. The comment history! Yikes!




Push it back to when, exactly? The 1950s?




Push back? The biggest insult to vets and the flag isn't kneeling, its protesting kneeling. Protests are a protected right, a right veterans of the past fought for. 

Trying to inhibit someone from exercising that right is the figurative equivalent of smearing shit on the flag. 

Everyone knows he's not protesting the flag, he's protesting police brutality, a very real problem in this country. 

Instead of being angry that someone is protesting, why not focus your energy into making this country a place everyone can be proud to live in? 




Push back against what ?   A corrupt President? Police Brutality?  GOP increasing welfare for billionaires ? Russian money in the NRA and about every conservative political organization ? 




Go away Vlad. 




Don't you have some shoes to be burning?




Nike had the audacity to break ranks with corporate America, the president, and the NFL, and acknowledge that Colin Kaepernick wasn't an America hating monster. So we must shun them.




How far can you throw a stone? This college is hours away from Ferguson. 

Don't they teach you people geography?




Isn't this exactly what you're saying? They are removing uniforms with the logo because of their opinion because that's their opinion. Just like Nike is putting Capernick on their ad campaigns. 




Wouldn't be surprised if their deal is Nike makes their uniforms for free and give them some free shoes in return for putting their logo on the jersey. Can't imagine Nike pays them anything




race relations? theres way more pressing issues in america right now?

when the current bozo in chief got to where he was by being a racist fuck who questioned the legitimacy of the birth of the previous (black) president you wanna sit there and say race relations isnt important?




It still is. Students work ~15 hours a week to cover their tuition. It’s a great idea that I wish more universities implemented it.




Sounds pretty socialist to me...almost like a commune. 




Berea College is a similar, but less nutty version of that if you want to support that free tuition model.




Liberty is going to follow suit, I am sure Nike is going to shed a tear over it. 




And for the first time in history, no less.




It's the community part of religion. Birds of a feather and all that. 




[deleted]




I get the vibe from S2 that this wasn't as well fleshed out a show as Breaking Bad.

They just wanted to be Breaking Bad so much but there's something missing and I'm not sure I know how to articulate it. Maybe it's that Ruth isn't as important as she should be despite being the Jessie surrogate character, Or maybe it's because Micheal Byrde doesn't have to fool everyone like Walter White did, he never really has to pretend to be a legitimate buisnessman, he only really deals with criminals and people who know he's a criminal. 

They're going to have to introduce a handful of new characters in S3 and each I think is going to have an unearned level of importance about them. 






What Kaepernick is protesting about, or even just that he is protesting - how is it against "family values" or against anything else in Christian ideology?  It makes no sense to me.




That's weird. Colleges aren't usually known for virtue signaling....




What's wrong with idolizing a country?




[deleted]




Because the big ass face of someone who sacrificed NOTHING  plastered on billboards isn't? If Nike wanted to pander to blacks specifically they should have just said so. 




College of the Ozarks is doing the right thing by their students by helping ensure these students do not incur large student debts simply to get an education.

https://www.cofo.edu/Page/Admissions/Financial-Aid/Tuition-and-Fees.362.html

You may dislike Christians, but you will have to admit that this is something that other universities should learn from. Especially those colleges that profess their liberal values while having tuition that only the rich can afford to attend. 




> personally

That's the beauty of this country. You have the choice of not going to that school. Do you hate that aspect of America?




It’s that bad, huh?




No, I do not digg. If Notre Dame did this, it would be different. 




The Dragon born is rocking some sick new Js.




so... kind of a win win?




Him make eagle cry star waters.




They should hang the shoe because they're arguing for police brutality against minorities, whether they realize it it or not.  Just leftover treatment from the times when lynch mobs could get away with anything.




I'm going to start buying Nike so it evens out




I'll believe it when I see it. The dip in their shares wasnt due to this PR move; Adidas dropped too.




Another funny part is all these couch warrior assholes are sitting on their couch stuffing their face with cheetos and beer waiting for the game to start during the anthem.  They sure as shit aren't standing up with their hats off and hands over their heart.




imagine the outrage if he pulled a [1968 olympics](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1968_Olympics_Black_Power_salute)




> If that dude thought it was okay enough for him to protest that way, who the fuck are these couch warriors to say that it's disrespectful?

The same people who vote for the party that guts the VA and think their party supports the troops. 




Traveling through Texas. Heard this irl for the first time. The phrase fits. 




Like, here's the thing. I get showing de facto respect to *drafted* veterans. Very few people were willing to volunteer to go to Vietnam. It was a fucked up situation that only looks worse in hindsight. These days we have an all-volunteer military. A person enlists, is likely deployed, and will likely retire at some point into civilian life.

I'm not going to fellate a person because they did what they signed up to do. That's called personal responsibility.

What I WILL do, is do what little I can to make sure that the government does its duty to take care of the consequences of employing a volunteer military. If you lost a limb, the government should be providing prosthetics. You should receive adequate counseling, at government expense, for as long as needed. You should receive the payments and bonuses you were promised. When possible, I'll vote for people who will do what they can on those fronts.

But I'll be GOD DAMNED if I'll let some 20-40 something cut in the check out line because they've got a baseball cap with a boat on it.




Yep... If you don't like the conversation, change the topic. It's a political technique used by both sides, but conservatives seem to have nothing else up their sleeves these days.




This reminds me of the Bojack Horseman episode where Bojack eats the Navy Seal's muffins.




Whoever claims he's disrespecting the nation, troops etc. by kneeling is a bumbling idiot and only cites First Amendment whenever it suits them.




I honestly dont think trump cares too much about the kneeling thing. I think he saw the "scandal" as an opportunity to throw a distraction at the public while he did other shitty things more covertly. 




Slave labor is in a hell of a lot of supply chains. That was just in the 90's as we were getting used to it.




You got a source for the slave labor that isn't ancient? The concern trolling is hilarious, even if it's obvious you don't actually care about their working conditions.

> 2005: Nike becomes the first in its industry to publish a complete list of the factories it contracts with.

> 2005: Nike publishes a detailed 108-page report revealing conditions and pay in its factories and acknowledging widespread issues, particularly in its south Asian factories.

> 2005-Present: The company continues to post its commitments, standards, and audit data as part of its corporate social responsibility reports.




Because hes long?




That number seems on the low side..




What's wrong with having white parents 




great post.




This was an interesting and quite incitful. Thanks man




Wow, your dismissives are full of hot air. As though anyone who thinks along the lines of equality in economic or social structures is somehow a fake or a flake. I'd say you're the douchebag for that diatribe of nonsense. The man wanted to bring awareness to a social issue and he has accomplished that.




Wait, what? The National Anthem being played before a sporting event is a “moment for veterans?” 




> The two have nothing to do with each other. He's just disrespecting a moment for veterans.

So the veteran who recommended kneeling was disrespecting veterans?

There is no disrespect. You BELIEVE it was disrespectful. 




Someone then should read letter from Birmingham jail about how "time and place" is bullshit.




Bullshit. At best he's disrespecting whatever the military pays the NFL to play the anthem.




That National Anthem has nothing to do with veterans though.




But I'd argue that kaep is trying to put the country first by trying to bring attention to the rot inside many facets of our nation.

That's patriotism. If he didn't love his country why would he try to change it and give up his career? 




The country as an abstract idea, or the actual people in the country? Which are you putting first? And what is the point of the former without benefit to the latter?




How is bringing attention to police brutality anything BUT putting your country's interests first? The cops aren't overseas brutalizing people elsewhere, they're right here.




You may have just missed the point entirely. Unlike the police. They never miss. Lmfaoooo




As Trump would say. 'Your father is a loser. Winners dodged the draft'.




*conflict, since you want to nitpick.




The troops fighting in Vietnam didn't lose it.  The ones who lost it were those who defined success as the eradication of communism. 




No one cares that you don't care about this 




Before the military started paying the NFL for patriotic displays, when the players sat in their locker rooms during the anthem, nobody cared what the players were doing. Their sitting through the anthem went unnoticed.

It's a miracle society didn't collapse.




What many of *those* people don't understand is that there is a segment of the population that cares more about things like "freedom" and "justice" and "following the law" and "doing the right thing" than symbolic gestures that suggest those things.

In America, exercising the right to protest is more patriotic than telling people they *can't* protest because we need strict unquestioning allegiance to a sheet of fabric.

Now aside from that, it's not that amazingly uncommon that someone would simply not stand for the anthem.  If you were to go scanning through a game while the anthem was played, you'd find quite a bit of people attending the game weren't standing.  Kaepernick intentionally drew attention to himself by kneeling (an alternate sign of respect) as a way to draw attention to a political issue.

To the people who say there's a time and place for protest, it's important to realize that successful protests must get attention.  Yes, he could kneel for the anthem in the privacy of his own home, but that wouldn't be a successful protest.  And when you get down to it, where can someone protest and successfully get attention, in a context that would be less important and less consequential than a sporting event?




Case in point, last night in Dallas a police officer killed a man in his own fucking apartment because she entered his apartment and just assumed he was a home invader. 




Just yesterday a woman I know on FB posted some anti-Nike bullshit. I called her out on it. She replied that she can't stand Kaep. When I asked her why she had no answer. Surprise surprise. 




Indeed. Remember when Obama was first elected it was said by many people (who have no real experience with real racism) that "racism doesn't exist. The president is black!". 

Then near the end and after Obama's terms those same people said "Obama started this racial divide!" and give some weak example of when Obama said the 'my son would look like that' quote. Sure, it was Obama's fault that you are upset about a black man being president. 




I think you could simplify that with, “this country has serious hate issues.”




Except it hasn't? People would be mad if Jr were white too. People are mad because it's disrespectful to do, and nothing much more.




Kaepernick wore socks depicting cops are pigs and a fidel castro shirt to Miami.  But yeah, keep holding his nuts.




It's not the flag of marines, it's the flag of the country and all Americans. You seem to be confused and think the man in the TV is talking directly to you.




As a Marine, it doesn't offend me at all. Why would it? I *did* tour Iraq so that a dude could kneel for our anthem. I toured Iraq so a man could burn our damned flag if he wanted to. In short, I served to defend the rights and freedoms of Americans, not so that I could tell them how to exercise their freedoms.

The only reason Kap's protest was "controversial" is because a certain segment of the media decided to convince people that it was.




You don’t own the flag or the anthem.  It belongs to all Americans to use as they see fit.

When he kneels to the Marines’ Hymn, then your statement will make sense.




God you're so full of shit. You know why he's kneeling yet refuse to accept it because? Because you're a moron. Your analogy is stupid too.




Awww, you poor little baby. Did someone hurt the poor marine's feelings?




1. It's not a moment dedicated to veterans, its dedicated to the birth of our nation. Veterans don't just get to claim that as their own. Actually, maybe the veterans that were actually at Fort McHenry that night can claim it.

2. It's disrespectful to our country that a large group of minority citizens feel like they don't have the same rights as the rest of us. Agree or not, that at least deserves a serious conversation about race relations in our society..

3. Taking a knee is generally a sign of respect in sports. They are not turning their back or spitting on the flag, so I honestly don't get the outrage.




man I hope most of the people in our armed forces aren't such whiney little crybabies otherwise we are in some serious trouble




This only makes sense if you think that protesting against racism is somehow anti-American. For someone who realizes that treating people equally and enforcing the rule of law, even against police officers, is fundamentally American, it's obvious that bringing these issues to light during the national anthem is calling attention to our ideals, not attacking them. 




Kneeling is just as respectful. 




then you're ignorant.




>Maybe people don't buy the idea that police officers around the nation were basically targeting innocent blacks to brutalize and kill.

Then they are fucking idiots lmao

This has been proven repeatedly. Nobody thinks all police do this, but a lot do, and they almost never face the consequences. 




Yes idiots. Systemic racism in law enforcement is real. The war on drugs is a war on minorities and it's always been that way.




Lmao you're making all this up. There wasn't a rule about players and the anthem until this season. And he has definitely talked about it.




> There are other platforms he could have picked, but he chose one where 54% of the country disagree with him.

Black people are disproportionately victimized by law enforcement, and to a disproportionately fatal degree.

You don't get to "disagree" with facts.

All you get to "disagree" with is that black people deserve the same dignity as whites. And then yes, it seems like a lot of Americans are pretty damn racist.




It's alarming how the right has co-opted some of our national symbols and traditions.   Flags, military-looking stuff, certain holidays, hunting&fishing, the list goes on










You've always been giving your money to rich people, who spend that money influencing your government.

The only thing that's changed is that now you're aware of it.




No, like other things people wrap themselves in the flag with no end in sight.  They didn’t do this for my grand dad WWI, my dad Korea, my older brother Nam. Makes people feel good i guess.




They were paid by the military. Not joking. https://thinkprogress.org/nfl-dod-national-anthem-6f682cebc7cd/

Military has been financing it to generate a positive image. 




https://youtu.be/dIcErtimxEU




For the NFL, at least, they were paid to do those things to improve recruitment.
Link: https://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2015/11/05/454834662/pentagon-paid-sports-teams-millions-for-paid-patriotism-events




Thanks. I am lucky. Post Vietnam, got an education (trade)  and GI bill.




>  a private Christian school


Small.  Very small.




We live in a society




It's a shame that someone has to say outloud that their default state is "not a nazi". Pepperidge 
Farm remembers when you could assume that everyone was not a nazi.




> He is using a moment for veterans to protest police brutality.

The fact you think the anthem is for veterans alone shows your own lack of exploration of the issue.

The anthem is not for veterans, it's for the country. It's not called the Veteran Anthem, it's the national anthem. 

And I suppose now would be a good time to remind you that people use completely unrelated vehicles for their protests all throughout history. It doesn't mean they're disrespecting the vehicle. When people march across bridges to protest inequality are they protesting bridges and transportation? When Rosa Parks sat at the front of the bus was she disrespecting buses? When Ghandi refused to eat, was he disrespecting food?

Also consider the fact that his entire protest was given the green light BY A FUCKING VETERAN, and the act of kneeling is by itself a sign of respect, not disrespect.

So, to recap:

1. He's not using a moment for veterans, he's using a moment where we're supposed to honor country.

2. By protesting in that moment and using it as his vehicle, he's still not disrespecting the country as a whole.

3. The anthem by itself at sporting events is nothing short of paid forced propaganda established by the Department of Defense to increase funding and enrollment in the late 2000's.

4. The act of kneeling is by very definition and in common culture not disrespectful, but a sign of respect.




Every time a cop commits a brutal act, they're disrespecting the veterans too! They're robbing somebody of their right to life, liberty, the pursuit of happiness - those rights that or veterans died for!

And man, that shit happens kind of often in our country!

Where's the uproar for that?




i thought it was a moment for patriotism - all they do is bring out the flag and sing the anthem. Where does it say it is all for the veterans?




I smell BS on the wind. Protesting in a way that doesn't garner attention is pointless, at minimum. Still, his protest is exceptionally mild, and commendable. If that's making people rip dicks off, our gene pool is better for it.




I’m willing to bet that circle on the Venn diagram is much smaller than you’re imagining, mostly because you’ve got Person A protesting something that’s a pretty reasonable thing to say in a more than reasonable manner and you have Person B who is either a racist/misogynist/Islamophobe/homophobic or (at best) just so happens to surround himself with all of those people. Sure, you might be the exception, and I’m sure that means you’re the type of person who said “Well Trump’s the president which means he should at least have the chance to prove us that he’s not as terrible as everyone says he is” while he continuously proves to us how terrible he is




I haven’t met a single one 




[deleted]




Acts like he isn't privileged? He's using his privilege to bring awareness to social injustice. That's quite a generous thing to do with his platform when he could just shut up and play and not care about black people being murdered and incarcerated disproportionately.




"Biting the hand that feeds him"? Like a dog?




[removed]




They have a right to peacefully protest. I have a right to point and laugh at them. 




I absolutely do. They have every right to do this. The only thing I don't respect is the school itself. 




I pay for those fucking stadiums for rich assholes to make more money.






Sure you don’t have too. But why wouldn’t you want to? Too lazy to stand voluntarily for a minute and a half or do you just relish irritating people around you?
Don’t confuse being a contrarian with being patriotic. 
I think my great-uncle Jack who lost half of his jaw to a Japanese bayonet (because both sides were out of ammo on Corregidor) would find you “patriotic gesture” rather uninspiring. 




People should stand. 
I’m not saying they should be compelled to stand by their government.
The fact that we are fortunate to live in a country where we aren’t compelled should be reason enough to want to get off our over-fed butts for a unifying gesture every once in a while.  




[deleted]




I mean, they'd prefer 1861, but I'm sure they'll take the 1950s.




this comment made my day




Uppity blacks is what they want to say, but will probably be too much of a weasel to admit.




Like they can even *afford* Nike shoes...




I'm from the west coast.  A hundred miles is a "stones throw."  Now if you really want distance, try driving across Montana!




no.  them broadcasting it is my problem

the entire country is posing for holy pictures based on who does/does not deface the nike apparel they've bought

THAT'S my problem - you like Kaepernick?  ok.  keep it to yourself.

you don't like Kaepernick?  ok.  keep it to yourself.

we don't need news conferences, we don't need press announcements, we don't need countless Facebook posts

we are absolutely sure EVERYONE must know who we agree with and on which issues and I'm having a hard time dealing with that today





Thats kind of a cool concept actually. 




Thanks. I didn't know and haven't had time to look yet. 




What can you do with 1,400 janitors?




There is more to it.  If you qualify for a Pell Grant, C of O accepts it,  but you still work your 20 hours/ week. NonPell students just get a larger "scholarship".  C of O does not disburse the funds to the student for other school/life expenses.  In the summer,  you work your assigned job to pay for room and board during the year.  

You may be scheduled to work every week during meal times so you go without or spend your own money for those meals . 

 Miscellaneous fees and books are not covered (books,  tech fees,  dorm electricity fee, electronic text access,  etc). Student loans aren't accepted by the college.  Other scholarships don't seem to exist. 

 You can't work an outside job to earn money because C of O controls your summers and breaks.  Your job may require you to work during holiday breaks.  Families have to come up with any $$ to cover clothing,  insurance,  travel,  entertainment,  health issues.

Students need to go into it with their eyes wide open. 






It's a cool concept for sure, but likely only works effectively at that scale. 

Unfortunately, most larger universities have seen the $$$ signs now and have little reason (outside of regulation) to change course. Why give you a small job when they can just get you quick access to debt?




I have an undergrad working for me right now.

Free tuition is not worth having a junior in food science preparing your food every day. You will get so fucking sick. 




I mean, that's what a FAFSA work-study is like, right? 




>almost like a commune. 

What's a word for a religious commune? Hmm.




 Almost, except they have a choice.




So the left actually loves this place?




It's a Christian school, not a capitalist school. I don't see what the issue is. 




You forget, Colin has darker skin.




I don't support people who make fun cities that get hit by natural disasters that kill dozens of people. Sorry. 




I think this season was better than season 1. But yeah this feels like Breaking Bad lite. 




Well, it's white Christian nationalist ideology. But you're right, this has everything to do with nationalism and nothing to do with scripture.




These people believe in the Bible. Obviously, nothing they say or do has to make sense to us outsiders.




It doesn't make sense to them either.  They don't do things because they make sense, they do things because it makes them feel important.




They also aren't known for removing uniforms they purchased for a reason like this. It's weird... it's not offensive enough to stop doing business with Nike, but it is offensive enough to make it *look* like they don't do business with Nike. 




The historical repercussions? 




It leads you to justify or explain away problems the country has had in its past that are still problems today, and become a part of that problem yourself. Healthy criticism of government and its leaders is a birthright in a democracy, so when you see people ignore that birthright to attack minorities on behalf of the government along with people on the same end of the political spectrum criticizing the government for inane things when it was run by a minority it paints an ugly picture of how those people see the world.




https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nationalism




I should have made it more clear that it's wrong for a *Christian* college to idolize a country. 




Nothing about this involves disliking America. 




Difference between loving America and worshiping it.




Get a life.




I don't have a problem with Christians, per se. I love their idea of a debt free college. I don't know the quality of the classes at Ozarks, but as a hiring manager if I saw someone had went there you can believe I'd look deeply into it.

Being a Christian is fine. Getting an education that is Biblical based and not reality based is not. If their education is on par with other universities and based in reality, great. If they're teaching their students that the world is 6000 years old and things are the way they are because God then they suck.  




And? They can have one good idea and still.be shitty 




If they don't like so.ething they don't want anyone else to like/have it. It's their hallmark.




It's far too out there for me. Maybe it's not *that* bad as they do seem to have a science program that at least teaches evolution. 

https://www.cofo.edu/Page/Patriotic-Education.1561.html  .. that shit is weird to me though. Religious education is equally weird to me.




What are you talking about? Take the religious aspect out of it, ND is an Under Armour school so your scenario could never happen.

Now I'm really lost on what your point here is. Initially I thought you meant who cares about these 1400 religious ppl in the middle of nowhere, now you're citing we would care if this is ND?




Good job, buy into the marketing.

The only thing Nike "believes" in is increasing profits.

Anyone else remember when Nike pushed a consumer frenzy through marketing and price that resulted in young kids (particularly young black kids) killing each other over shoes?




You're gonna buy $95 pairs of turds because of this?  Hey man, your money.




And any of them that do, are fucking weirdos. 




[deleted]




You'd think vets would understand the concept of lines 




The ones that are obsessed with their service usually didn't do much.




And that's the attitude most of us veterans are looking for. There's a loud minority and the rest of us just want to be another anonymous asshole in the room. Please don't thank me for my service, it's just awkward. 




> Very few people were willing to volunteer to go to Vietnam.

Nope, only 30% of those who served in Vietnam were drafted. 




That and they don't seem to realize that it was a compromise he came up with after talking with a Green Beret about why he was sitting instead of standing during the anthem.  Kneeling was done to show respect while still demonstrating for a cause.  It's beyond stupid at this point that this is even an issue.




> Whoever claims he's disrespecting the nation, troops etc. by kneeling is a bumbling idiot and only cites First Amendment whenever it suits them.

I can say he's disrespecting the nation by kneeling and still think he can do it. He's a fuckwit for doing it but he can do it.




I dont think Trump actually cares about anything. Everything is just a vehicle to promote himself.




"We investigated ourselves and found no wrongdoing" 

[Nike workers 'kicked, slapped and verbally abused' at factories making Converse](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2014325/Nike-workers-kicked-slapped-verbally-abused-factories-making-Converse-line-Indonesia.html)

> But the progress it has made at factories producing gear with its premier 'swoosh' logo is not reflected in those making Converse products, which Nike took over four years ago.

> An internal report Nike released to the AP shows that nearly two-thirds of 168 factories making Converse products worldwide fail to meet Nike's own standards for contract manufacturers.

I'll admit they're improving, but that's not much of a step from being synonymous with child slave labor a decade earlier

Edit-formatting

Edit 2- Additionally, I'm no saint as I also happen to own Nike products. Since I've become more cognizant of this recently I've tried to slow down/stop buying their products. But I'm still gonna wear the shit I already own




Is [2017](https://qz.com/1042298/nike-is-facing-a-new-wave-of-anti-sweatshop-protests/) recent enough for you? Or how about [one day](https://www.newsweek.com/nike-factory-workers-still-work-long-days-low-wages-asia-1110129) ago.




Bless him for letting us know that cops and black dudes have a strained relationship. Where would we be without this beacon of knowledge to guide us through the mist?




[deleted]




[deleted]




[deleted]




That's pessimism, not patriotism.




Kind of both. The economy for example. Do you think we couldn't be in a position to help a third world country if our own economy couldn't afford it? 




Agreed. Focus should be on your self, family, neighborhood, city, state, country, then world. Police brutality falls right in with your city. 




Why all the downvotes. Do people not understand what a disaster the Vietnam war was?




Do veterans tell you that they fought in the Vietnam Conflict?




I dont give a chainsaw




And fans at home likely stayed seated too. But fans in the stadium all stood, because there is a difference between private and public social norms.




Nobody said they can't protest, just that they take offense to the method.

>To the people who say there's a time and place for protest, it's important to realize that successful protests must get attention. 

We're talking about a person that had cameras and microphones in his face several times a week. It's not like the anthem was his only opportunity to express himself to a large audience.

If exercising your rights makes you a patriot, then the College of the Ozarks' decision makes them patriotic, and those who criticize them must not value "freedom", "justice" and "following the law".

It's a shitty straw man to say those who value the anthem ceremony are unpatriotic, or that they don't care about justice and freedom. 




Link: https://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/dallas-officer-enters-apartment-she-mistakes-her-own-fatally-shoots-n907411




Let's hope she goes to jail for murder.   
   
(She'll get fired, take a job one county over.)




Is there any information that's been released that would suggest that shooting was race motivated?




Wait... her identity hasn't been released... are you assuming she is white? Isn't that racist?




Yes, I know he was black (IIRC, we don't know her race), but given that she thought it was her apartment, how was that a race issue?  




Wrong. People are mad because they've been told to be mad because they've been told that it's a disrespectful thing to do. Which it isn't.




> People are mad because it's disrespectful to do...

First - please explain how it's disrespectful. Hint - it isn't.

And second - the fat, stupid, orange slug doesn't even know the words, and can't correctly color our Flag. Both of which are far more disrespectful, so your assertion is just patently false.




bruh how you gonna say my feelings are hurt when the left literally whines about everything trump says. liberals are the biggest fucking babies on earth, you’re whining that people find it offensive and trying to tell us we shouldn’t. fuck off idiot




Grow up. You sound like petulant child. 




[deleted]




No it was clearly there. I was on your side until it was shown to me. The current rule now allows them to stay in the locker room. Use a little bit of searching and you can quickly find it.




Ok let's talk facts. The FBI shows that blacks per capita commit a disproportionate amount of crime. That alone accounts for your "victimization".

All the while you didnt address that the platform of the field was wrong. Other players use their fame and position to do good in their communities. It still stands 54% of Americans disagree with his "protest". 




Republicans have been smart in associating both religion and "manliness" (hunting, guns, outdoor stuff, big trucks, etc) with their party. You get a lot of insecure males that will vote R as they think it is somehow related to their identity, even when they are voting heavily against their own interests. 




It makes perfect sense if you spend a minute or two actually thinking about it....




>It's alarming how the right has co-opted some of our national symbols and traditions. Flags, military-looking stuff, certain holidays, hunting&fishing, the list goes on

This is the stupidest fucking thing I've ever heard...just because rural people are associated with hunting and fishing more doesn't mean it's being subtly co-opted by the right. Right wing people hunt more, fish more, wave a flag more, join the army more, and celebrate certain holidays more than others....just because the left hates all of that shit doesn't mean it's being taken over by the right. 




Thanks for responding bud - genuinely, it’s not like it’s terrible, but the idea that before every sports game, the audience has to salute the military, along with the national anthem

It’s disconcerting - that’s the word I’m looking for

The national anthem is universal, almost everywhere in the world for sports, but the militarisation of sports is what’s weird

I hope that makes sense




[deleted]




[deleted]




You probably have and didn't know it.  

&#x200B;




Today you have. I don't like Trump, and Kaep is a joke.




And now you've met a third person




 He was 2-6 in 2015, in 2016 he was 1-10 as a starter .  I live in the Bay area, I like Jimmy Garoppolo. Kaepernick sucks ass! I'm glad we don't have any anymore out here in SF. 




Because he's a Trump supporter.




I mean, this is completely accurate so it's a damn good argument for hating the sport(and every other sport that received unwarranted corporate welfare).




Well, that really all depends on where you live. You also do at least get a vote in the governance of where you live as well. I say that as someone who thinks no city or state should spend any amount of money or tax breaks on supporting any professional team whatsoever. 




If the America you lived in was as fucked as a lot of people out there why would you want to? Sure you can stand but why? I think you should reflect on what the military fights to defend. You can support our core American beliefs while acknowledging and protesting the problems that exist. You sound like a nationalist and not a patriot




[deleted]




To be fair, I don't think they're talking about the 1950s. In the "good old" 1950s, the wealthy people in the country were getting taxed out of their asses. Doesn't seem to fit the push for "going back" and slashing taxes at the same time for the rich.

So it's definitely the Gilded Age they're aiming for, probably the 1880s or so, when Confederate revisionism was in high gear, discrimination and bigotry was rampant, the rich were super insanely rich, politicians were corrupt to the bone, and everybody else worked themselves to death for a paltry sum.




He posts in the great awakening sub and thinks Obama was born in Kenya and will be arrested any day now. 




That's basically why people don't like Kaepernick because he didn't keep his opinion to himself.




This is what life is today. Everyone has to broadcast everythign to everyone all the time ever. It gets news, it gets clicks, and it gets attention. Sadly, this is the new status quo. 




Except for the part about how people shouldn't be going to college to learn how clean fucking toilets.




Anything you want because you have 1400 people to clean it up. 





They aren't all janitors.  CofO runs a huge dairy farm and sells products like preserves, dry mixes, honey, sausage, etc in their gift shop.  They also have a metal works and carpentry shop and an excellent aviation program and used to have their own airport.   
The school operates a 5 star hotel and a farm to table restaurant (both are amazing) and a couple of museums.  




All sorts of jobs. Landscaping, public safety, office administration, food service, janitorial, farm, etc. 




1400 college students is enough to start a christian shoe factory. Christ-ys.




I'm a CSE student at a large state university. I'm the assistant to the systems administrator in our computer engineering department. The benefit of training people for jobs is that you can recruit them




Clean up the ashes from dumbasses burning their Nike shoes




have a really fucking clean school




Some o those 1400 may have other skills from previous jobs that allow them to do things like minor accounting, run the phone lines, or maybe some other smaller secretarial tasks.  Most o these jobs would be easy to train anyway, but training volunteer is always a little risky.




[Almighty Janitor](https://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/AlmightyJanitor)




Mop wars. Mop wars galore!




Yeah but FAFSA work-study typically doesn't fully cover your tuition, you just make a little money to help pay for books and meals, and Uncle Sam is kind enough to not tax you for it. I did work-study in college and the limit to the benefit was like $2500 a year, so sometimes I also worked a second job. Still have student loans.




Work study was more like being a TA for me. 20 hours a week at $10/hr. Tuition was $37,000/year, so it didn't _quite_ cover the cost of tuition. Maybe books? 




Commuterian?

Methocom?

Comlam?




So do people in communes?




Do you think people in communes are forced to be there? 




Maybe you are mixed up with dictatorship?




[deleted]




Is socialism a bad thing? I was just pointing out that conservative values and liberal values can often intersect in funny ways. Should make us all think better of our fellow citizens and stop assuming everyone has nefarious purposes.




It's not that the season was bad, but I think a lot of the set ups from S1 got payed off to quickly in S2 and there isn't a heck of a lot to anticipate for S3. 

Cade for example. He felt like a big villain we were waiting for to really test Ruth's convictions. But Ruth was downplayed the entire season and Cade ended up being a minor annoyance at best. 

Like if you removed Cade from the entire plot what changes? Everything he does would have happened anyway. The FBI guy was already taken out of play, and Ruth was already having loyalty issues. Cade didn't add much to those existing problems. 




Romans 13.  Don't let the upvotes confuse you.  You are quite ignorant of scripture.




To both sides of the people who care about Nike and the football player whose last name I can never remember how to spell properly: Doesn't Nike use child labor? Does either side care about that? Seemingly no. Yet they both are prideful to buy Nike or burn Nike entirely ignoring other aspects of the company that's worse than the situation at hand.

It's all virtue signaling.




I idolize the country and can acknowledge it has faults. I don't really think appreciation and criticism are mutually exclusive, do you?




Which religions should be allowed to idolize a country? Or wait, just atheist colleges? 




> I don't have a problem with Christians, per se

When you say it like that, yeah, you do




> If they're teaching their students that the world is 6000 years old and things are the way they are because God then they suck. 

Why? Will an accountant be less capable if he/she believes the world is 6000 years old? Or will the average manager or office drone be less competent because they believe in that? Unless your job is somehow dependent on this particular belief, why will someone with Christian beliefs be less qualified? Bigotry against Christians is still bigotry. 




Isn't that what every company ever believes in?




Nike is free to profit. Idiots are free to boycott. Athletes are free to use their platform. I don’t care if Nike believes in the message or not, I care that the message is looked upon favorably by enough people that a company giving a platform to that message can profit from it.




If that were true I’d think they would run a much safer ad campaign. 




I'm a veteran and to me it's not a matter of democrats "supporting the troops" any more than republicans do (or don't), it's the issue that republicans act like caring about veterans and the military is THEIR #1 cause and reason for living and that no one else cares but them. So then when they do shitty stuff to the military/military affiliated, it just looks hypocritical as hell.




Also not voting to go to war is the best thing you can do for a soldier




Well socialized medicine would mean military folks would have more options than just the VA and could get improved care at less cost. Other countries don't have doctors and hospitals just for ex military people and their suicide rates among veterans is much lower than ours.




I do and my fellow veterans do. There were lines everywhere I went. Pissing in a cup, chow hall, waiting to go to the range, running a train on your mom, going to the doctor and various other things. We probably que up more than the British. 




If you find the act of reverently kneeling as disrespectful, you sir are the fuckwit.




Frankly if a country cares more about keeling than people being murdered by its police, maybe it deserves some disrespect.




very true




Might want to toss out that computer made by slaves 




That article one day ago isn’t saying Nike is doing anything at all. All it says is people are accusing them of doing something. No more than you’re doing here. 




he says while typing on a chinese made computer in his house full of chinese made goods. 




And yet the bulk of people out there don't seem to acknowledge that there's a problem. Aka.. Why all this is a thing. And why that shitty blue lives matter popped up. 




Yep. And for over 60 years great patriots like you were obviously up in arms over the fact that players didn’t even bother to show up on the field for the playing of the anthem, boycotted the NFL and any entity associated because of their disrespect to our veterans, right? 




Seeing as a lot of the innocent black people the police have murdered were *also veterans*, it isn't disrespecting "their moment."  Well, that and the fact that "out-of-control fascists with the authority to kill ethnic minorities without facing consequences" is *exactly what WW2 was about*, and is generally the thing that people mean when they say **never forget**.




You completely missed my point. You're out here on this post crying, *screaming* for the veterans. YOU are the one making that argument. I was just pointing it out.




Source?

It is my understanding that the anthem started being played during the war as a patriotic tribute and was continued after the war ended.




If you love someone you love them enough to criticize them when they are wrong. Otherwise it is not love, it is infatuation. 




Wanting to fix things isn't pessimism lol




By that same sentiment, shouldn't we help the people here who need it before we start thinking about third word countries?




You can call it whatever you want, it doesn't make it a war.




They usually just state the country or I don't ask them about it because I don't want to dig.




So the problem isn't that people are kneeling — which is a sign of respect in every other context — during the magic government song. The problem is that you can see it.

I can't imagine being triggered by something so insignificant.




> We're talking about a person that had cameras and microphones in his face several times a week. It's not like the anthem was his only opportunity to express himself to a large audience.

And yet the simple act of showing respect in a different form has gotten him all this attention, where speaking about it had not.

>If exercising your rights makes you a patriot, then the College of the Ozarks' decision makes them patriotic, and those who criticize them must not value "freedom", "justice" and "following the law".

I would totally defend the College of the Ozarks' right to protest against Nike and remove any uniforms with the Nike logo.  I also defend an NFL fan's right to boycott the NFL in protest.  All that's fine.

> It's a shitty straw man to say those who value the anthem ceremony are unpatriotic, or that they don't care about justice and freedom.

Those who care more about whether an athlete kneels for the anthem than they care about the welfare of the country and their fellow citizens are absolutely less patriotic than the athlete who kneels for the welfare of their country and fellow citizens.  No question.

Wrapping yourself in the trappings of a cause doesn't make you a champion of that cause.  Wearing a uniform doesn't make you a soldier.  Waving a flag doesn't make you a patriot.




Bullshit.  Whenever anyone says Kaep should be fired for his protest, they are very much saying that he should not be allowed to do it. Because if he is fired, then the NFL can literally stop his actions by forbidding him the opportunity to do it.

And on top of that, lots of people are *directly* saying he shouldn't be allowed, permitted, or tolerated for his form of protest.  Others have explicitly endorsed violence against him and *anyone else* who dares to protest against police violence.  

And throughout that, police continue to kill innocent unarmed black people.

So everything you just said is complete and utter bullshit.




This is Dallas, officers get charged all the time. An officer from Balch Springs, just got 15 years for killing a 15 year-old. 

DPD fires officers all the time, when they do this kind of shit. 




She's blue.




Aww, he's cute when he's mad




> Since WW2, the NFL adopted it as a tribute to veterans as to not forget about them after the end of the war.

I find no evidence supporting this claim. Please provide a citation.

1941-42: Playing the national anthem before the start of regular season baseball games became the standard. And with the U.S. in World War II now, the National Football League also included the playing of the anthem before games.
1945: NFL commissioner Elmer Layden said, "The playing of the national anthem should be as much a part of every game as the kickoff. We must not drop it simply because the war is over. We should never forget what it stands for."

I see no mention of it being done as a tribute to veterans.




You mean this? 

https://www.indystar.com/story/news/2017/09/25/what-nfl-rule-book-actually-says-national-anthem/699886001/

You're being fake news guy who takes information from memes

>While this does address "conveying personal messages," the entirety of the rule is related to uniforms and wearing items that convey personal or political messages. It does not at any point mention behavior that conveys personal or political messages, outside of prohibiting players from "orally promoting equipment, apparel, or other items that carry commercial names or logos/identifications of companies," unless approved in advance.




So you're just upset he broke a rule?




He is using it to do good.  And they are targeted even more than what crime per capita suggests. 




"Republicans have been really smart in associating themselves with the shit Democrats try to ban."

&#x200B;

This sub is complete trash.




Democrats have been smart in associating both atheism and “femininity” (man buns, the arts, smart cars,etc) with their party. You get a lot of insecure males that will vote D as they think it is somehow related to their identity, even when they are voting heavily against their own interest.




Oh definitely.  It's an excellent way to control who "gets to be a patriot" and who doesn't

Only TRUE scotsmen get to do that nowadays




Just the way society has changed. Now people accept less freedom. From being tracked on your cellphone and internet, to perpetual war and militarization of police. Some are trying (successfully) to bully people into acting the way the bully prefers. Check your rights (freedom) at the door.




It's all about recruiting young men and women. I'd imagine sporting events bring the demographic that the military is looking for.




Protesting something does not mean disrespect you fucking dimwit. 




> The history of it extends back to WW2

They didn't even have the teams out for the anthem until recently when the military started paying for these pregame shows.  In 2009.




These ceremonies are literally paid propaganda; they're advertisements.  




That’s certainly possible 




I find that hard to believe.  It took all of 3 seconds to check your post history. 

https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/7d591w/another_left_wing_organisation_falls_to_the_curse/?st=jls2h0pk&sh=50026bf5




Haha that kind of talk will get you banned from the Donald. 




Same here. I just wish companies would stay out of politics and stick with selling things. I get my political fill from news and reddit...I don't need it on the shoes I wear or the fast food I eat.




so you're a member of gamergate, yet you are also trying to claim to be  decent person. 




I would totally pay for a stadium if we received a cut of the profits but we don't.  Study after study shows the population gets ripped off.  Money should go to schools or something for the general good.  Pro sports should be like any other business if you can't turn a profit without public assistance you should close the doors.  One last thing.  Fuck pro sports, fuck football, and fuck the local team ra ra ra....fucking bastards.  




It’s too bad we cannot have at least one cultural touch-stone, one symbolic gesture that isn’t corrupted or tainted by the ideological possession that seeks only to divide and weaken us. It’s just heart-breaking for us as a people.




I question how many people who are burning/buying Nike right now and posting pictures of themselves doing it know anything about the reason for Kaepernick's actions

I personally thing Nike doesn't give a shit either, they just wanna sell more shoes




I know.

I'm just having a hard time dealing with it today for some reason.




Can you not work and study? 

Millions of people do or have done it. 

You go to school to learn and work to pay for it 




Not everyone has the butler do it.




Yeah not sure where this army of janitors idea comes from. They have quite an industry going here. They have their own mill, dairy and beef farm, nursery, hotel, restaurant, etc. They basically are a self sustaining agriculture and hospitality mini city. 




It is actually a pretty cool program for post secondary education. The christ stuff is off putting, as is their reactionary Nike stupidity. 




So its basically a commune.




*Air Jehovah's*




I had to give their new water shoes 2/5 stars. I tried jumping into the pool for some aquarobics and ended up just standing on the water.




Jeez-ys




instantly thought of [these](https://2.bp.blogspot.com/_1YDL3MWvhvw/R2K4d-46UjI/AAAAAAAAAQg/exr-GN7HlOI/s400/TRIAT+AIR+JESUS_6.jpg) from Transmet.




New Nike competitor made by slave college labor?




Socialists want to force communes on the rest of society.




 Which communes?




Under 18 everyone is forced to be where they are, commune or not. 18 and over it's a choice.




Man you could rationalize literally anything with that trick, thanks for teaching it to me




You're absolutely right. You did it! You changed my mind! They don't have a choice at all!!




There's a difference between "Farm and we give you a free education," and "Farm or we'll torture you." The former is really just barter capitalism.




Cade was a massive disappointment. He was portrayed as this larger than life influence on Ruth, when he ended up just being kind of a redneck stereotype. 




John 22: 'no u' 




Yes, tons of people care about that.

It's always brought up in discussions about the issue. Every single time.




Yeah, pretty much nailed it there.




Your comment is virtue signaling. Everything is virtue signalling. The dog barking outside my window right now is virtue signaling. That's what that phrase has become with the way it's used to dismiss any and everything you don't like. That and white knighting. 




I think this is an argument over semantics. The word "idolize" is used for more than just appreciation. It assumes the blind worship and love of something while *ignoring* its faults, not acknowledging them.




Sure, I should have said it **can** lead to this behavior as we so clearly see from many people in the world; but you also only said "idolizing a country" not idolizing a country while remaining critical. It is definitely different and more problematic when an institution for higher learning does it though to bring it back to the point you responded to originally.




Very well stated




Considering the death toll and damage caused by nationalism over the past two decades alone... It's a pretty strong argument. 




I can't speak to every religion, but the second commandment is "Thou shalt have no other gods before me" which refers to idolatry. 




If you just want to be Christian, fine. If you want to legislate your beliefs into law, or sneak your beliefs into a taxpayer funded classroom not fine. That's what I mean by the "per se". I have a problem with any school that ignores education based in reality and promotes education based on theology. 

By itself, I have no problems with any religion which is what per se means. If someone just says they're Christian, I don't care or have a problem. I do have a problem with some Christians (or any religion) due to their actions. 




> Why? Will an accountant be less capable if he/she believes the world is 6000 years old?

Yes. If you can't accept basic facts and cling to bullshit with an abundance of evidence, that could leak over into your professional life in other ways. I want to work with dynamic people who can evolve (heh) not stubborn people who accept bullshit as absolute fact. 




Exactly. So this entire idea that they are some sort of activist organization is ridiculous. The only reason they paid Kaep that much money is because they think it will bring in 2 or 3 times as much. 




I head sometimes you all form lines just to look nice 




> Pissing in a cup, chow hall, waiting to go to the range, running a train on your mom, going to the doctor and various other things.

One of these things is not quite like the others...




>que up more than the British

But what about British veterans queueing?




Kneeling during the national anthem is the opposite of reverence as it's designed to draw attention to ones self. Which in the end was the entire goal of Kapernick as no one knew who he was prior to this.




The thing is you can protest police brutality (which you should) without disrespecting the nation (note: nation != government). 




There is no ethical consumption under capitalism. That doesn't mean we can't keep denouncing companies like these in the hope that they'll change.




Yea that too




So we bought the stuff and now sweat shops are okay? That's not how the world works.




Maybe. 

And yet ordinary people still avoid "that" area of town, sometimes without ever talking about why. 

Grocery stores mysteriously can't stay open there. 

Police dispatchers seem to always send deputies to specific areas of towns. 

We know all about it, but talking about this is uncomfortable for people who are conditioned to think that if reality doesn't coincide with their equitable and harmonious view of human nature and American society then it must be dismissed as some form of racism. Do we need white solutions to black problems or vice versa? 

Real community change can only come from within, and I don't respect someone who criticizes an underpaid and overworked cop who has to deal with the dregs of society daily whilst turning a blind eye to the fathers that fail their sons and the gangs that poach young men and feed them false ambition. Reality shouldn't hit you in the form of a shootout with a cop or a lengthy prison sentence, and I have seen it too many damn times to even begin to sympathize with someone who is too scared or "cool" to criticize gang culture.




[deleted]




[deleted]




EXACTLY! Start with yourself, then your family, your neighborhood, town, state, country, world. 




It was a war...




Because no one likes a loss. 




Insignificant to you. Can you not fathom that some people believe there is significance in a ritual?




>And yet the simple act of showing respect in a different form has gotten him all this attention, where speaking about it had not.

That reinforces the assertion that his method of protest was a sharp deviation from social norms as opposed to an acceptable display of respect. Yes, his protest got him attention; did it do anything for his cause? 2 years later people are still divided over his protest, and the current focus is on who is doing what to their Nike products. The discussion about reform and social justice is on the backburner.

>Those who care more about whether an athlete kneels for the anthem than they care about the welfare of the country and their fellow citizens are absolutely less patriotic than the athlete who kneels for the welfare of their country and fellow citizens. No question.

It is possible to care about the welfare of the country **and** value the anthem ceremony. So, how do you know what value people upset with the protest place on the welfare of the country or fellow citizens? It is not altogether unreasonable to think that someone could believe setting personal differences aside for a few minutes a week to stand in unity with citizens of all walks of life promotes the welfare of the country.




>. Whenever anyone says Kaep should be fired for his protest, they are very much saying that he should not be allowed to do it. Because if he is fired, then the NFL can literally stop his actions by forbidding him the opportunity to do it.

Bullshit. He can still kneel during the anthem.  The NFL is under no obligation to give him a platform for protests.  His freedom doesn't entitle him to be in the NFL or on national TV.


>And on top of that, lots of people are directly saying he shouldn't be allowed, permitted, or tolerated for his form of protest. 

I haven't seen an reports of people claiming he shouldn't be allowed to protest on his own time. Do you have sources? When you are at work, your individual freedoms can (and usually are) restricted. If I say I don't think waiters should be on their cel phones while I'm waiting to order, that does not limit the freedom of the waiters in any way. 

>So everything you just said is complete and utter bullshit.

You didn't refute any of what I said. Most of your post doesn't even attempt to address the post you responded to.





Glad to hear it.





"McCarthy said that the policy has been in place for several years, pre-dating protests that began during the 2016 season. 

"It’s policy, it’s not a rule. I think where people are getting confused is, rules, that’s like holding or defensive pass interference, that’s a rule. This is policy," McCarthy said. "

Read your own article. Just because you dont like it doesn't make it so. 




No. I'm more upset at Kaepernick's hypocrisy. I think he should have a say on whatever he wants. He needed to pick a different venue. Much like the other players I alluded to before. He needs to grow a pair and stand up for what he believes. Because there havent been any follow ups on his part. 




I would say all that makes a man more secure in themselves. Its the men who mock all feminine traits that seem like the insecure ones. 




Well actually I was going to point out that its generally the left that burns flags in protest, is open about criticizing/outright disrespecting the military and its members, shits all over America-centric holidays, generally dislikes hunting/fishing/firearms used for them, etc.

I mean, you don't get to say the right has co-opted these things so much as the left has outright rejected them.




[deleted]




[deleted]




Nice catch.




He doesn't *like* Donald Trump. He *loves* Donald Trump




[deleted]




I have changed my mind since 9 months ago. 




I'm ok with that. I tried posting there once or twice trying to ride their karma crazy train. Returns were less than expected. 




It's a relatively low-risk pandering move.

The feel-good boost to demographics that were probably largely indifferent to Nike before was considered to be greater than the market segment they risked alienating, even infuriating. I doubt white men between 30 and 50, and up buy many Nike products. But the potential for this to boost brand response and sales among say non-athelete females age 15-25 is probably significant. Not to mention tons and tons of free advertising from the media. 

Companies go political/social commentary for the same reason they do everything else.
Advertising/Public Relations follow H.L. Mencken's definition of demagogues:

"A demagogue is one who preaches doctrines he knows to be untrue to men he knows to be idiots."








Sounds like someone needs to read more about what gamergate actually was! 




What makes you say that?




We are already divided and weakened by our failure to acknowledge systemic issues. Protest is a step in bringing us together. The corruption and taint was there to begin with and protesting forces us to confront issues that will bring us together.




I DID work and study.  And my work was part of my studies, during undergraduate and graduate.  And I was very privileged to have that opportunity, I'll admit.

But that's the thing:  MY CASE WAS IDEAL, and it's the one we should be trying to emulate.  The ideal case is *not* to make future doctors and engineers spend their midnight hours scrubbing toilets before they go learn how to make medicines and bridges that might kill people.  There's no reason to fetishize this idea that those who go to college should be working as slave labor during the 4 years they're in school.  

And it's worse, because this kind of shit *further* depresses wages for janitorial work at a time when those wages should be going UP due to the difficulty of that job.  People who support this kind of thing don't realize the damage it does:  to the economy, to the students, to the institution of learning, and to society itself.




> Yeah not sure where this army of janitors idea comes from.

It's coming from people wanting to bash the school.




It's communism done right.




well, atleast in this thread, I assume it came from the original comment that only mentioned landscaping and janitors.




[deleted]




The new sandals line from HeyZeus is godly.




Well, real Nikes are made by slave labor, so why not?




It isn't slave labor if they are getting compensated, sign up for it, and can leave if they want.




[Really?](https://www.ic.org/directory/communes/)




Yeah, under 18 you're basically forced to be wherever your guardians take you - whether that's a commune or Burkina Faso.  That's sort of deal with being a minor.




[deleted]




I would argue y'all are in the minority.




Are you arguing it's not virtue signalling?




I don't see how an institution that idolizes.. ok it's the pledge, I know symbols of authority get people's backs up. But worst case scenario they paint the classrooms red white and blue, play the Start Spangled Banner on an endless loop between classes, and make every teacher dress like a great historical president. Every morning they read a list of every great thing the country has done (assume they don't lie there, for the sake of argument) Is that problematic? 




I'd say  the opposite, open border globalism, causes a much higher death toll.




Jew here. Yeah I'm familiar with false idols. I'll chalk that up to a limitation of the English language.  I'm fairly certain a Christian college isn't telling people to worship and pray to America above their Lord. Who knows, maybe I'm wrong. If I am, I'm buying you a beer.




In other words, you only want to work with like minded individuals. People who share your beliefs. If their beliefs are different, or contradictory then you would not hire them.

Sounds like you and the far right gave more in common than you think.




Gotcha, sorry I misunderstood what you were saying! 




pissing in a cup is a subset of going to the doctor? (One hopes)




arson, murder, and cunnilingus




He had sat. A fellow member of the NFL and former servicemember/former Green Beret, spoke at length and let him know how disrespectful that was. And suggested the same kneeling one does when one hands a flag to a grieving widow.

Colin modified his action to clearly show his respect for our nation and service members. While still protesting those ongoing perceived injustices on racial lines by government employees.




Yea, nobody.  He was only one score away from winning the biggest sporting event in America.




Yeah, he was just, ya know, an all-pro NFC Champion Quarterback for one of the most storied franchises in sports. Also, you do know the goal of protest is to draw attention, right?




Kneeling isn't disrespecting the nation.




He did exactly that. 




I really believe you are old. It's common for old people to have myopic views of complex social issues. Its a shame you can vote. Thinking you have it all figured out.




Ok. So don’t have enough respect for veterans to even show up even though present in the venue, no problem. Show up and exercise a right those veterans fought and died for, totally unacceptable. Got it. 

The level of selective outrage is pretty strong with this one.

Edit: also, you seem to still be operating on the premise we agree that it’s a “moment for veterans.” We don’t, and it appears you’re strongly in the minority on that. 




You're replying to too many comments and not realizing which ones you're replying to now.

If it wasn't clear, I'll explain it more simply. I was talking about this Reddit post. You still haven't explained how kneeling is disrespectful.




That's my point though, these are PEOPLE. You help your country by helping the people in it. These people seem to be fighting fellow citizens over the abstract idea of a "country" when those very same people are the country they claim to be protecting.




Nope. I've never been in a cult. I have no frame of reference that helps me understand people threatening the livelihood, and even the life, of somebody who doesn't participate in their ritual.




Don't give a fuck what idiots believe or value, until it becomes a physical threat against me and those I care about.

And these values support murder of my fellow citizens.  So fuck those beliefs.  They are objectively fucking terrible, and anyone who subscribes to them deserves to be shamed and ignored.




> did it do anything for his cause? 2 years later people are still divided over his protest

2 years later and people are still divided as to whether police brutality is a problem.  Our current President thinks police should rough people up more.

Part of the question is, do Trump supporters have any morality to appeal to?

> It is possible to care about the welfare of the country and value the anthem ceremony.

Yeah, but it's not really possible to understand why Kaepernick is protesting and condemn him for it **and** genuinely care about the welfare of black Americans.

It's not even like the guy, or care about his individual protest.  But the response is telling.  He's protesting the murder of innocent black people.  If your response is to flip out because he's not doing exactly what you want him to do while you sing a song before gown men in tights play a game, and you think *you're* the one valuing freedom and justice, then your priorities are out of whack.




Here's the thing:  The values of our country include the right to protest *during the anthem ceremony*.  You can bitch and moan about how disrespectful you think it is, but the moment you start to seriously suggest that someone should be STOPPED, in any way, from engaging in that protest, you lose the right to call yourself a supporter of those values.

Now, shall we dig through your comments and find out if you're a person who just engages in bitching and moaning?  And if so, do you need to be shown that there are those who go way WAY *WAY* past "criticism", and that one of those people is the president of the fucking United fucking States?




Honestly, it's pretty rare for an officer-involved shooting in Dallas. DPD(Seemingly) prides themselves on training officers the right way, the first time. 

If there's an officer-involved shooting, they'll investigate to make sure there was no wrong doing.

The former chief even encouraged people protesting them, to join and that they would them to work in their own neighborhoods. 

The pays pretty bad though.




Lmao You conveniently ignored this, even though I quoted it:

>While this does address "conveying personal messages," the entirety of the rule is related to uniforms and wearing items that convey personal or political messages. **It does not at any point mention behavior that conveys personal or political messages,**

You're right, it is a policy..... It just has absolutely nothing to do with kneeling during the anthem.




I think you need to stop being such a massive pussy.




But totally cool to mock masculine traits. Got it.




Veterans who fought for equal rights all over the world (if you choose to believe that narrative). It is not disrespectful to fuse a peaceful positive protest with this "show of respect for the veterans". Protesting is not inherently negative or disrespectful. It really depends on the context and purpose of the protest.

Have you ever heard of the Boston tea party?






Watching you reach farther and farther to justify your ego-fuelled vitriol made my morning. Too bad the cliff you are tumbling off of is only metaphorical




No team, no protest.  The military paid for the teams to be out there and not everyone likes the results.






[Oof indeed!](https://cdn.glitch.com/8ef35b11-8c6c-44bb-afb4-a38b833d3c8b%2Foofd.png?1529987683042) 
 You have oofed 13 time(s). 
***
^(I am a bot. Comment ?stop for me to stop responding to your comments.)




Not sure why you're downvoted lol. If you don't like him anymore what's there to even disagree with?




Our legal system isn’t perfect, but it isn’t pathologically corrupt. If you want to work to reveal individual bad actors, awesome. Do that thing. But waiving a placard and shouting “all cops are bad” is a pretty low-resolution effort, and so is kneeling for the anthem. It is a self-aggrandizing display that only draws attention to ones-self and does nothing but divide. It is not a selfless act, it is a display. One that Nike hopes to capitalize on. Maybe it’ll make them some money, but I suspect not. It has certainly elevated Kaepernick’s market value beyond his meager talent. 
So yay capitalism I guess!? 




As an engineer, you just sound like an incredibly spoiled individual. There is nothing wrong with character building. You could use some yourself. Your employers would likely appreciate it. 




> There's no reason to fetishize this idea that those who go to college should be working as slave labor during the 4 years they're in school.

> slave labor

15 hours a week

btw... janitors do more than scrub toilets... sometimes they do degrading things like clean countertops and take out trash.  

Have you ever been required to clean anything ? It's not all in humane degrading slave labor.  I actually enjoy cleaning up my apartment a lot of times. Wax on Wax off. 

> And it's worse, because this kind of shit further depresses wages for janitorial work at a time when those wages should be going UP due to the difficulty of that job.

Dude... It's a college with 1,400 people... and I have this crazy that they might employ full time janitors anyway... 

I suppose you think that inflated tuition and students graduating with loan debt is generally better for the overall economy. 

I'm just going to pretend that you are kidding or that russian trolls are getting a lot more creative.








No, it comes from the earlier commenter only mentioning landscaping and janitorial duties...




Well, the nice thing is these are kids. Impressionable young people who have never been free of the dogmas drilled into them since birth. I know many of them. We rent to them frequently because they are clean cut, honest, and hardworking, are typically good kids. None of them are frothing at the mouth racists that I'm aware of. They just can't grasp these bigger ideas past love God and love your country. 

There's hope. Plenty of time to help grow good human beings. 

But screaming at them and wishing them dead and calling them names isn't going to win anyone over. Not sure how this country has turned into a crazy screaming match of us vs them. 

Edit: thanks for gold, kind stranger :)




Bad human! 




Finally. Someone gets it.




[deleted]




So... What about them? I was addressing the original comment about socialism. I mean I can talk about communes if you want.




Life situations that limit choices are not the same as not having a choice (not having a choice -  which is the hallmark of socialism).




Or just don't go to college. There you go, problem solved, turns out they do have choices lol.




Well, I'm not really agreeing with you. What I was trying to say is, you \*can't\* idolize something while also acknowledging it has faults. That is the whole point of idolatry... blind faith and ignorance of blame.




It really seems like you're intentionally ignoring the most obvious and damaging part of a nationalistic education system which is that it produces a population that is uneducated in our past mistakes and is doomed to repeat or echo them. Which many would argue is a problem with our current education system that has a pledge of allegiance on the daily and national anthems pushed at every event with very inconsistent history, civics, and economics education across different regions and demographics.




Would you also back that up with something or would you just say it? 




Oh I agree, even though I'd love that beer on a Friday afternoon. I don't think they teach kids that through lesson plans directly, but I think they teach kids that indirectly through actions and behavior. Some churches have an American flag on stage next to the cross or their denomination's flag. Many churches do 4th of July services. Many Christians themselves combine their patriotism and their religion into a melting pot of something else, to where America and God are pretty much inseparable and you blaspheme if you disrespect either. 

I could certainly be wrong that this college treats America as an idol. But they're responding to a guy who some believe disrespected America. They haven't responded to human rights abuses via cheap overseas labor, or police brutality, or dead children from school shootings, or abused children from the Catholic Church, or a President who says he grabs women by the pussy. They are responding to perceived anti-patriotism.




I work with lots of people who are very different than me, and I don't mind one bit. Some of the best people I work with attend church on a regular basis, and I'm not religious at all.  

Creationism is up there with anti-vaxxers and flat-earthers in the crazy belief category. If they want to believe that the planet is 6000 years old that's fine by me, but I'm free to believe they're a bit fucking loony for doing so. 




>In other words, you only want to work with like minded individuals. 

That's a pretty weak argument. 

You're saying it is acceptable to simply believe whatever you like regardless of evidence to the contrary.







Glad to hear your Mom's supporting the troops





It's even more common for young people to be naive. I can tell by your contrarian snark, lack of merited argument, lack of alternative solutions, and ill will that you are young or otherwise inexperienced in these complex social issues you claim to grasp.

I only hope that you live through the experiences that will shake your peachy dream of society and human nature. I'm 30 so I don't know where that stands on your age-o-meter, but I can promise you that it's more about the life you've lived than the amount of years you've been alive.




[deleted]




[deleted]




The key word being "seem." 




First off, I never said I supported threats made against those people who protest.

Are you married? If not, have you ever been to a wedding? Or a graduation? You don't have to be in a cult to believe in rituals.




People who believe that personal differences can be set aside for a few minutes of unity are not objectively fucking terrible.

How you equate standing for the anthem with support for murder is beyond me. During the 2015 NFL season, when nobody kneeled during the anthem, nobody argued that playing the anthem was a show of support for police brutality.




>Our current president thinks that police should rough people up more.


Our current president invited people in the black community to the White House to discuss prison reform. 

Meek Mill actually got invited. He was going to go but decided not to at the urging of Jay Z. 

I wonder what gets more accomplished, speaking with the most powerful man in the US while he’s asking you for advice? Or no-showing and calling the man racist?




>Part of the question is, do Trump supporters have any morality to appeal to?

Trump is an asshat. His supporters have a moral framework that I cannot begin to decipher. But not all people that have an attachment to the anthem ceremony are Trump supporters.

>Yeah, but it's not really possible to understand why Kaepernick is protesting and condemn him for it and genuinely care about the welfare of black Americans.

I disagree with that. I can understand why Palestinians want to be free of Israeli occupation. I can believe that Israel is in violation of international treaties and international law. I can hope for a better quality of life for the residents of the occupied territories. That doesn't mean I can't be upset about some of the Palestinians methods of protesting the occupation.

> If your response is to flip out because he's not doing exactly what you want him to do while you sing a song before gown men in tights play a game, and you think you're the one valuing freedom and justice, then your priorities are out of whack.

If you think pissing off a bunch of people while expecting them to support your cause is a good idea, if you think kneeling while people sing a song before grown men in tights play a game is going to bring about social reform, then your thinking is out of whack. 




Per the BLS, Dallas police earn essentially the national average for police.




I think you need to be less of an ignorant cunt. Glad we advanced the discussion. 




[deleted]




There are many ways of building character that don't eliminate jobs from the economy.  And I don't think we should be devaluing skilled student labor any more than we do.  

Janitorial work is *very fucking hard*, but is a job that is available to those who don't have other skills.  By filling janitorial positions with students who should be *working on their field of study*, you're doing damage both to the quality of the students and to the economic value of janitorial labor.

And I really don't think anyone who's replying at this point doesn't get that.  




that's gonna go down as the most genuinely noble Reddit comment I read this year




Good human! 




There is a key thing you are missing here.  They are choosing this alternate form of compensation for the service they are receiving.  This is voluntary and they don't have to accept the terms.  They don't even need to go to college.  Many successful people don't have college degrees.  The only 'woosshh' involved is you failing to recognize that an opportunity granted is optional and different than forced labor.




You realize that banks and the government practically throw loans at people right? It's not like if they dont fo this they will never be able to pay for college ever. 

You are really misrepresenting the system. Work study is a thing at every university, but most of the time they give you minor tuition remission or something, not full blown free schooling. 




No I'm saying I agree with you!




So a pledge of allegiance dooms us to make past mistakes? Please, project an example.




Yeah. Cuban refugees in the 70s. Or what's going on in Europe today. The open flow of people between nations is an insanely irresponsible, dangerous policy. 




Are you assuming she likes being on the bottom? Maybe his mom likes being supported by the troops.




Contrarian snark? You're the one who thinks a reply of unadulterated sarcasm is somehow illuminating. There are many problems arising from disenfranchisement and economic and systemic racism and you pointing out that the solution to those symptoms is to feel for law enforcement. Its laughable and yet so popular a mindset. It's no wonder you think Colin Kaepernick is a fake. You haven't made any argument other than to lambast and then say that LE should come down hard on already devastated communities. The root of the problem is the systemic racism in our society. It manifests itself in many areas, one of which this protest is confronting.




You’re not very bright. The entire point of the ad campaign and the larger discussion around this is that he was willing to accept the consequences of his speech, instead of whining “mah freedom uh speeeeech though!” like every racist that gets fired for expressing racist views. 




Don't flatter yourself. I read through the post and saw quite a few of your comments 

So you're flying instead of supporting yourself? Great. Less wasted time for me.




Really? You think all this divisiveness is an illusion? You know fighting doesn't have to mean physical confrontation right? Are you trying to claim that their isn't infighting going on in America right now?




What about those rituals is there to "believe in" that you think everyone here is going to agree with you about?  You're never going to convince anyone by repeating beliefs they don't share.

If you want to have a conversation, then at some point, you really have to learn to find a place of genuine agreement.  You have to be willing to recognize that *people disagree with you fundamentally*, and if you want to learn *why* they disagree, you have to be willing to ask non-rhetorical questions.  Only when you actually understand why they disagree with you will you ever have a chance of changing their minds.




You don't want a few minutes of unity.  You want a "few minutes" of *conformity*.  **Those are not the same fucking thing**.

And you want those "few minutes" during the only time that it would make any fucking sense for protest to take place, so what you really want is conformity as a tool to silence protest you don't want to see in the first place. 

Unity would include giving a shit about the considerations of those who feel the need to protest.  Unity would be recognizing when people are protesting that they might genuinely have a reason to do that, and then taking their concerns to heart and not trying to get them fired for expressing dissent.  Unity would be recognizing that people don't HAVE to be patriotic for your entertainment.  Unity requires that *you do things for others*, not that they stop doing things that annoy *you*.




> I wonder what gets more accomplished, speaking with the most powerful man in the US while he’s asking you for advice? Or no-showing and calling the man racist?

I think we pretty well know that talking to Trump doesn't accomplish anything.  Sure, he likes a good photo-op, but he doesn't care about anyone other than himself.

And even if he did care, even if they managed to convince him of something, it's been pretty well demonstrated that Trump often takes on the opinions of whoever was the last person he talked to.  They could have him totally convinced, and then Trump has a conversation with Stephen Miller, and it all gets erased.




Huh, that I did not know. 




> isn't that what you libs like to say when you try to censor conservatives? 

you assume an awful lot here.  






Clearly we disagree with you just based on the vote count. Also, there are no shortage of janitorial or other manual labor positions to be filled. You aren't ruining anyone's chance at a job by performing a bit of labor. 




So... you think a tiny college in the middle of nowhere college can easily provide free tuition and create engineering work study programs out of thin air ?  

In college assisted in research at first for free and then for little pay...Theoretically I was taking a job away from a research tech... 

Also my college had plenty of money to build labs and pay for professors, PhDs and post-docs... Not to mention my college charged tuition. 

Did you ever consider that there are no engineering firms within a 100 mile radius of this college... and even if there is, the college can't exactly force the company to create a work-study program ? 

Students might be able to assist professors with research, but how much research is going at this college ? There are 1,400 students  with likely no more than 1 professor per 20 students... 

Are you not understanding how what you are proposing might not even be remotely possible at this college ?   

In my experience people in work study programs that are actually relevant to their careers are pretty fucking lucky.  I had to contact no less than about 50 labs while taking classes just to find one that would allow me to do shit work at odd hours for free when I got started. 

O yea, and now I'm reminded that one of my duties definitely involving cleaning off lab mouse shit... which is apparently some kind of useless slave labor task when I could be off learning how to "make medicines and bridges that might kill people."









[deleted]




I can give you 62 million examples that voted for Donald Trump. They showed a profound lack of education in history, civics, and economics. Same for the countless numbers who didn't vote at all. Seems like a lot of those people are catching up with the rest of us since the election. There's always hope we'll be better off in the future.




How the fuck have those things caused more deaths than nationalism? What are you even talking about?




So higher death toll than ww1 and ww2 eh




No assumption of bottom from me, only you, support can also be laterally based and not just on a vertical axis!

Don't discriminate against the flats!




“Systemic racism” = “I can’t indicate any specific trend so I will turn to a nebulous concept”




[deleted]




Of course there is. I think we'll disagree where the blame falls, but obviously there is. What I don't think it's that neither of us can blame the pledge of allegiance or a free Christian college on the division.




>What about those rituals is there to "believe in" that you think everyone here is going to agree with you about

That living in America is a fuck of a lot better than living in some other parts of the world.  That the people around me, no matter their age, race, political beliefs,  or the team they cheer for, all have a love of their country.

>If you want to have a conversation, then at some point, you really have to learn to find a place of genuine agreement. 

>And these values support murder of my fellow citizens. So fuck those beliefs. 

Having a genuine conversation does not mean painting anyone who values the anthem ceremony as a racist that supports police brutalizing minorities.





Kim K went to the same meeting that Meek Mill was invited to and she got a woman released from life in federal prison. So don’t tell me it doesn’t accomplish anything




Title: 
Nike shares fall as backlash erupts over new ad campaign featuring Colin Kaepernick

Comments: 
Nike anticipated this. 




Adidas fell too.  Guess the boycott is contagious.




Not talking about stocks, but I've been thinking about this campaign a bit and I noticed it got everyone talking because there's a lot of controversy. It seems entirely plausible to me that this was exactly what Nike was aiming for because it got people talking about it. Even here in the Netherlands it's discussed in full on late night talk shows and such. The brand just got a whole lot of exposure.




I've stopped wearing Nike and started wearing New Balance. Not because of Colin but because i'm about to turn 30.




Down 3% to $79.60 oh no!!!

Nike’s **all time high** share price was $83.68, they’ll be fine. 




As a liberal, nothing hurts me more than people refusing to buy shoes that were made by a child in a 3rd world sweatshop. I have been owned.




WTF?  I was expecting a 10% drop or more from the title.  Barely a blip at 3% while other similar stocks are down 2% same day.




People are burning Nike trainers in USA and posting videos on youtube. And cutting tops off socks with the Nike logo on. You have to laugh really 




Nike stock over the last year [isn't hurting after this.](https://i.imgur.com/ssksMNB.png)




Just wait til the 'Kneeler' sig model comes out. Even hotcakes will be jealous of the sales.




This is basically fake news. Adidas and Puma stocks are also down. Clearly the reason for the drop is something else. 

btw, Nike, Adidas, etc send a special thanks to all the idiots for the billions in free advertising. 






Yeah Nike and everyone else yesterday. MISLEADING! 




The right when the market drops 2-3% - "Oh, this happens all the time. Markets go up, markets go down." 

The right when a company they don't like drops 2-3% - "Oh, look at them suffer! They're doomed! That'll teach'em!" 




Except the entire Dow went down today, so I guess people are boycotting Coca Cola too?




Financial reporting is even dumber than the agenda-driven upvotes driving this up the subreddit.

Yea, it's down below 80 after today. It hasn't been this low since.. August 17th. That's like... three weeks! Meanwhile, it's up 56% in the last year. 




I stopped wearing Nike in the 90s because kids were making their clothes in sweatshops. 




Just a snapshot of today at the retail level: I’ve had five people buy several pairs Nike shoes today mentioning Kaep as the reason why. 

Most retailers order and purchase their products months in advance, so the effects of this campaign will not be felt for a while. So far so good.




Funny when a company that profits off child labor in south east asia is gonna preach about morality. 




sweet! nike stocks on sale. time to jump in on that!




It will be back up by the end of the week and go to new all-time-high. 




They fell 3.24% to $79.80. One month ago they were $78.55. They’ll be fucking fine, and Republicans will be buying Nike again once the hashtag stops trending.




So from Aug 1 2018 Nike stock has fluctuated from 76.5 to 83.57, but feel free to buy whatever bill of goods they want to sell you.




Their stock price is climbing again, so whatever for that aspect. 




Everything is down. Nike is going to be just fine.




Fall more. Want to buy $NIKE




83 down to 80 and now rising back again today




For everyone who actually wants to see how little the stocks fell.

https://www.nyse.com/quote/XNYS:NKE




[removed]




Guess I'll have to add Nike to the things that offend conservatives.

Move over red Starbucks cups, people not saying "merry Christmas" in July, K-cup machines, Amazon, Disney, Hamilton, Nordstrom, Netflix, Anheuser-Busch, Ford, Apple, SNL, the media, restaurants, talk show hosts, Muslims, Mexicans, and China...the people who think everyone else is too easily offended, are offended... again.




Black guy kneels = unpatriotic, banish

"I like guys who don't get captured", raises flag = patriot, have my vote

These people don't care about patriotism. 




Funny how conservatives call liberals snowflakes and are now destroying stuff they already bought just cause a company decided to stand against racial injustice. How bout instead of destroying their shoes, conservatives could donate them to the millions of homeless veterans they pretend to care about.




Why care about someone kneeling? Worry about your own real life. The only reason why anyone would care or have so much emotion about how someone chooses to celebrate game pageantry is if you're just looking for anything to give a black person grief about.




I swear there needs to be a moratorium on articles being written about short term fluctuations in stock prices.  It means nothing, and won’t have any affect on Nike’s business.  If it turns out racist assholes are actually a huge market segment and Nike’s sales drop that might actually be news, but it’s not something that happens over the course of a weekend.




Temporary. 

Once the estimated $1.45 trillion dollars buying power of the African-American and Latino 18-35 demographic kicks in buying all that "subversive" swag, things will straighten out. Just don't think Nike is doing this for some higher good. They did a marketing study and they know exactly how much money that they can extract from that demographic. The people cheering for this are being played for cash, the people protesting this are being played for free advertising. Kaepernick might not be kneeling, but he sure as hell is bowing down to the dollar. 




Don't look at your stocks everyday, problem solved. 




Well the market doesn’t like uncertainty.




What a startling turn of events.




I believe use of Internet Explorer and murder were also correlated.




Now would be a good time to buy shares of Nike




Any publicity is good publicity. Good exposure too.




"Some people were also saying Tuesday that former Arizona State University and Arizona Cardinals football player Pat Tillman should've been the face of the new Nike campaign. "

Pat Tillman was shot and killed by friendly fire while serving in Afghanistan so that might've been a bit controversial as well

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Tillman_Story




College football has started, NFL starts, MLB playoffs start soon, NBA comes back in October... Tiger wins a golf tournament, Jordan releases a new shoe... I'm not worried about Nike's future.




I'm fine with Kaepernick using his celebrity to bring attention to social issues. I'm not offended when he or other players take the knee; it's a free country and they have a right to make their own statements. 

People who disagree also have a right boycott if they don't like it, to vote with their wallets. 

The problem as I see it is this is all marketing. Kaepernick may be sincere in his stance and how he expresses himself, but Nike is just trying to capitalize on it. If Nike really wanted to show us that it's not just Marketing, they'd make sure their employees are paid well and get great benefits. Also that wherever they make their brand, they are not exploiting anyone. Highlight that, make that your Marketing campaign and I'd be more impressed.




I was raised conservative but I would like to see someone tell my coaches (also conservative - conservative christian school, here) that they need to stop mandating Nike sponsored uniforms, I'm sure that will go over well




Imagine waking up and saying "I'm gonna cut holes in my clothes to trigger the libs". For a majority of people that don't seem to care, you just like a person with holes in their clothes.




People spend more time hating on the dude than they do trying to understand his stance (which has been completely engulfed at this point).




Pat Tillman would have totally supported him. 




Sponsoring a mediocre player may mean your product is just that as well




one day stock price drop, good lord the world is ending!!! Why not wait for at least the quarter or maybe the end of the year before taking such ridiculous rhetoric




I don't think this qualifies as anything more than a blip, since Nike's share price is now at the same level it was like three weeks ago.

e: oh. I clicked on the OP's username. Well. That explains that. How unfortunate.

In *general*, I wouldn't mind if Nike got taken down a peg or three. They have a fairly long history of shitty labor practices. But I somehow doubt this is going to do it.




Yes please buy merchandise and then destroy it. And then share that brand name on social media. That's totally going to show Nike not to mess with true patriots /s




Good, thats what you get when you promote someone who should be in prison.




Once they get their new line of kneepads on the market it should bump back up




Can’t wait for the official Colin Kaepernick single Kneepad by Nike. 




Where was this passion against Nike when it was revealed that they have been using child sweatshop labor for over a decade?




I assume many are conflicted. I'm down to support this cause but I can't pretend Nike isn't exploiting labor in Asia. 




I tell you this now, buy Nike.




You have to wonder what nike is up to, they had to know this would happen. 




Believe in something, even if it means sacrificing half of everything- Thanos




time to buy some Nike stock




People who equate this to disrespect the military are confused. His protest has nothing to do with the military. And if you want to tie their honor to the flag then you just want to be angry. The flag represents a whole country and Kaepernick is protesting one aspect. Learn to compartmentalize.  




A perfect time to buy.





[deleted]




I don't care one way or another as I wear exclusively New Balance.




[removed]




Australian here, haven’t heard what’s going on but have been seeing articles pop up all over the place anyone kind doing a TLDR ?




You know before the Military paid the NFL to do their recruitment advertising at games with giant flags, color guards and heavy metal flyovers, players finished their locker room routines in the locker room. The whole thing is a show.




I thought I saw on the S&P that they actually closed up 2.5%




Shares seem to be back up today.




Going to go buy myself some Nike's.




Being on the right side of history is worth more than a dip in your stock price.




Shares fell = rich (religious? white?) guys were offended (which was to be expected, honestly).

But what about sales? Did sales dip? If not, then who cares. It'll even out when actual market value takes over (which is based on sales, not just the rich, but everyone who buys shoes).




This is interesting.  If "liberal" icons start siding with capitalists, conservatives will start demanding socialism without realizing it.




Nike’s back room: 
“So we will capitalize this controversy where the country is pretty split on it. We sponsor Kap and then because people will be defending Kap, they will in turn too, defend Nike. Potentially taking away competitors market share, and getting half the nation to defend Nike. Potential new customers.”


So one side is getting used to spread this controversy and the other burning their stuff and creating more publicity. 

At least you can still choose how your getting fucked 




It will amount to nothing in the end, just like when everybody was destroying their fancy coffee makers not long ago. The funny thing is I bet these same people getting their underoos in a knot over a guy taking a knee are the same ones that don’t have no problem with nazis marching around protesting.




[deleted]




Actually, as someone who was learning more about stocks, I checked Nike like two days ago when I wanted to go into dividends. 

As of Monday September 3rd, Nike was at about 42.39.

As of the time of this post, the stock is exactly 79.60.

That doesn't seem like it fell to me.




All of this is as dumb as when people destroyed Dixie Chicks albums during the Iraq War.




I wonder if they did this in part to make a share buy back cheaper




Here's what I'd like to know...

Kaepernick didn't start his protest shit until 2016, after there had been police involved shootings of African Americans happening for years with increasing regularity... But he waited until 2016, after he had been replaced as starting qb and it was starting to look like he'd be cut from the team. How is that sacrifice? He didn't take some huge gamble, his career at SF was going to be over anyway and most teams don't want a QB who *almost* makes the super bowl a few times and who has gradually declined in athletic performance. 

He has the right to protest, but how the fuck do people not see that there's a high likelihood his protest was more about posturing himself such that any team that cut him or refused him would appear to be politically motivated instead of just using business sense? 




Guess it's time to buy Nike stock. I really don't care if bigots don't wear Nike's.




Im about to buy my first pair of Nikes in over 20 years in support of Colin.




I like Kaepernick

I dislike Nike though. They are a self-serving company. They just did this to increase their sales.




Make more money and yes, a CEO of a corporation can actually decide to do something good because they feel it will have a positive effect on people. He’s taking a risk for gosh sakes. If it was only about profit, why bother? People are just too cynical today because they’re surrounded by so much bullshit.




Come on people!! Let’s buy Nike shares to show some real power!




i hope the same guy that runs the ad campaign puts bill cosby on the cover of Cosmo




I just wish companies would get out of politics. It is already in our face 24/7.




just came here to say nike will always make good shoes but colin kaepernick will always be an annoying little bitch




Looks like Nike is ready to "sacrifice everything".




I stopped wearing Nikes when they got to be too expensive for lesser quality products...back in the 90s.  I can't justify $200 basketball shoes when there are competitive quality for much cheaper price.




Nike needs to learn from Michael Jordan, keep your mouth shut on politics and sell to both sides.

Beside Kap never did anything that mattered for his cause. Just another hashtag activist not taking real action. He learned from the Obama's remember #bringbackourgirls? They still need rescuing...




S&P, Dow, Nasdaq were all down today.




this is all part of nike marketing strategy! something they had been predicated before they do necessary action... 




I dunno, I thought it was great. 




I sometimes imagine a corporation as a single person and what kind of person they’d be.  Like Google doesn’t wear socks.  Like ever.

Nike is smarter than she looks.  Don’t let that art degree fool you.  And she’s the kind that would let silence seep into an argument.  Also, she doesn’t wear Nikes. You don’t sample the product.




Well, I don't really care about what's going on now, but I've been boycotting Nike since grade school, suckas.




So is the obvious cash grab back firing or is this just temporary?




Everyone saw that coming except Nike apparently 




Comments in here are hilariously similar to when Dick's virtue signaled their ending of gun sales and took a hit. Pure denial that "Oh, just a bad report nothing more, no damage." You commentors taking that stance might be right, it's just kind of funny watching the similarities.

I am interested what the ultimate outcome will be, if this was a good or bad attempt at corporatizing "wokeness." I don't really care either way, Kaepernick is a clown, the people who support him are losers, and their cause is a sham. That said I think they should be let to do what they want to do, and if Nike wants to throw their support behind him more power to them. I'm not going to boycott them or encourage a boycott because that's just silly and I rarely buy anything Nike, or NB, etc anyways.




Screw Kaep and screw Nike. Their ad should show him standing up for what he believes in, ya know, that all cops are racist, all while wearing a Castro t-shirt and pig socks. Yea, he's a real role model...




I want a nike kap poster.




I don't think it's so much the fact that they're using him in an ad campaign, but more so that theyve been secretly paying him to put on his media circus for the last few years. 

Stay the fuck out of politics and stick to shoes.




From what I can gather, Nike has survived largely due to it's name recognition. When I was playing basketball in highschool, the people who cared about quality product usually bought Adidas, or UA. Just my personal experience though. 




It may hurt US sales, but the rest of the world will like the ad and probably buy more




Guys, I just want to know when it's okay to kneel down and tie my shoes again!




I do find it funny that he quite they chose for the ad can justify extreme Islam and Hitler all in one short sentence.




It's very possible. Today every single person in U.S. has it on their feeds. I mean - here we are that g d reverse streisand effect.  :) 




[deleted]




Nike knows their target consumers are the cool kids, the cool people, those who are athletic or at least want to look fit. Those are more diverse types than alt-right rednecks. They will gain world wide respect for backing justice. Shaking off creepy white nationalist consumers isn’t going to hurt them. Now it will be cooler than ever to wear Nike.




Remember Chick-fil-A and the whole gay controversy?  I bet Nike is betting on this model.  I don't know if it will work, but they have the capital to sustain a hit or two.




Buy their stock on the dip.




considering the RNC is pushing the narrative can nike sue for the losses?




Dow Jones took a slight dip today, so it is more correlated to that. They are just trying to manufacture controversy because it must be a slow news week. 




If that’s the case Adidas should sign Jarvis Landry as their spokesperson.

That shit is contaaaagious.




That shit is contagious bro. It's contagious. 




PUMA stock fell a bit too




They’re still looking for the right Slav to be the face of a new campaign 




I dont believe Adidas is an American company. Their drop could be due to tariffs. Under Armor was up big today




Companies in the same industry usually have some correlation in stock price. When Facebook stock price crashed, it took the whole tech industry down with it that day (the whole market really). 




What he does on his own time is his business,but when you are ‘’at work’’ you do as your boss expects,especially when you make millions for that job




[deleted]




They'll probably be disappointed if Trump doesn't say anything on Twitter.




It's exactly why they did it.

Look at those idiots who went out and bought a keurig coffee machine just to destroy it, those same morons will buy Nike products to burn in their desperate quest for edgy youtube and instagram views. Then there is the good press they'll get from people smart enough to know players taking a knee aren't disrespecting the anthem or flag, they are honoring and standing up for the ideals that those things stand for.

But sure if some dumb prick wants to burn their stuff, #Justdoit




Absolutely. This is a great marketing play by Nike. First off, they have great exposure because everyone is talking about this campaign. Second, the add isn’t going to hurt their target demographic: people who are living near poverty but still buy $200 shoes. Those are the kind of people who ate up Kaepernicks black power act in the first place. They aren’t going to lose any sales with those people so the controversy isn’t going to hurt them. All around a win-win for Nike. 




I wonder what kaepernicks stance on sweatshops is? 




I think the idea was to rile up conservatives so that the left would retaliate by buying their stuff. Kaepernick just bridged the controversy.




I think a LOT of it is fabricated




Perhaps, but it's dangerous exposure.  There's a potential to alienate a block of consumers, and Nike as a brand already has pretty high recognition.  Not quite Coca-cola levels of ubiquity, but it's a strong brand.  So is the small bump in brand awareness worth the risk?  We'll see.




Yeah, most of the negative comments you see here are pissed off Americans that haven't caught up to the idea of a global economy (Merica First!). They think loosing 20K customers in the US is going to end Nike and "show them". What they don't realize is that they just picked up another 4 million customers globally and cemented the remaining customers in the US as loyal brand enthusiasts for life.  


Nike completely expected this and said as much. This is working out exactly as they planned and you are the proof.  




I'm never really cared about the anthem protest.  I wasn't surprised that there was backlash, but I was surprised how big it was.  Based on what happened in the NFL last year, I think this will end up being a pretty bad business decision on Nike's part.  Not like company ending bad, but I think it will noticeable hurt sales.  




Ya tons of exposure, no one even knew who Nike was til this campaign! /s




*finger pistols*




I hope you have a solid supply of grey t shirts and Jorts, old man.




NB are comfy though. NB and Saucony are my preferred training and running shoes




I got high arches and have been rocking the NB 1260 for years now.  Also most of their shoes are made or assembled in the US so its a bonus. 




I'm turning 30 in two days. This hits way too close to home lol. 




Was 30 the age? Damn I missed the memo 10 years ago, I only got comfortable feet at 40. 




You gotta be great at grilling to wear those shoes




New balances are sick now compared to 10 years ago. They have awesome styles to go with the comfiness they always had.




FuKn Boomer (also in my 30s)




2E baby!




I'd be buying the dip if EA wasn't "dip-py-er"




3% in a day is a sizable drop for a dow stock. 




Just when I thought it was time to buy the dip 




Oh shit you mean /r/news is a T_D brigade target and they try to spin literally everything here to fit their narrative? Say it ain't so.




I don't think anyone is saying they are dying or that they won't be fine?

I think the point that's trying to be claimed is that this stunt either hurt them or didn't benefit them. If your marketing department can't even drum up interest and make even a small change that speaks volumes about your company. This was their gamble and it didn't pay off.

Let's look at it another way: \*At best\* it yielded no returns. At worst it cost them.

Infer why however you want, I don't particularly care about the why.




Except my guess is you’ll have more liberals buying Nike than conservatives boycotting 




'Murica: When you boycott a company liberals don't particularly like in order to own the libs epic style.




FYI, the shares mostly likely fell due to investors being fearful that would happen -- not from sales actually going down.




Nike now has some of the best supply chain standards in the industry. That 90s era bad publicity worked.




It's funny that people are choosing to get upset about Nike worker environments as if that isn't true for pretty much everything. Your iPhone is made in terrible conditions. Whatever shirt or shoes you're wearing probably were too.

Nike has actually improved their worker practices and is pretty much in line with the rest of the clothing industry if not better but conservatives all of a sudden care about workers' rights in Bangladesh because it's convenient to derail the conversation.

[How Nike shed its sweatshop image to dominate the shoe industry](https://www.businessinsider.com/how-nike-fixed-its-sweatshop-image-2015-6)

>Nike also raised the minimum wage it paid workers, improved oversight of labor practices, and made sure factories had clean air.

...

>In many ways, Nike has become even more transparent than its competitors about its labor practices, publishing a 108-page report revealing conditions and pay in its factories and acknowledging widespread issues, as well as a complete list of factories it contracted with.

>To this day, Nike continues to publish public reports of conditions in its factories.




Now how do we get Bernie Sanders to endorse Kavanaugh?  Can Ocasio-Cortez start giving away bump stocks at her campaign events?   




Holy shit, who invented time teavel and sent us all back to the 90s?!




[removed]




Yeah the Dow as a whole took a dip today it wasn't just Nike. This is a non-story. I also bet there were maybe 4 people total who burned their shoes and that's just because they're fucking stupid.




Right wingers are touting it as the end of Nike.  They apparently have no idea how stocks work.




Cutting the logo off makes me piss myself laughing.

I'm committed to the boycott, just not committed enough to change socks. Fucking idiots.




They already own the product, lol. Nike already got paid. I never understood this. Why ruin something that you own and use? If you're that mad, just don't buy anymore.




Now all we need is a brake line manufacturer to sign CK ...




And the Democrats were talking about boycotting In-N-Out because they *gasp* gave to both parties, and then of course tried to play it off as a joke. 




The only versions of this are sarcastic versions where liberals are attempting to poke fun at conservative outrage. 

I’ve seen next to no real conservative outrage...





[deleted]




yeah if anything, now is a good time to buy some nike stock




This was all a ploy to sell more kneepads




Can you explain why there is so much hate for CK? i must have missed something 




A few people do shit on Twitter and it’s news, “viral”, “trending”, “outrage” etc. Then Reddit runs with it.





Would the fact that back to school time has happened and sales just had a boom with parents shopping for their kids went on affect this?  Now sales are going to slow down for a bit before Christmas gears up...I'm not a stock market expert so I'm totally guessing.




So this is a right vs left issue? Thinks aren't that polarized.




If Nike hadn't been down, the dow would have been up today.  The nike move drug the DOW down somewhere around 20 points, overall the dow closed down 12.  If Nike stock had been unchanged today the dow would have been up somewhere around 8 points (more like 9 or 10).  

edit:  So I decided to actually do the math.  Nike drug the dow down 17.63 points today. $2.60/0.14748071991788 (How much Nike went down today divided by the DJIA divisor).  So if Nike had been unchanged today (and the other 29 dow stocks had done exactly what they did today) the dow would have been up 5.29 points.  So I was wrong when I said it would be up somewhere between 8-10 points, but I was right when I said it would have been up.  




Financial reporting isn’t dumb, CNBC’s financial reporting is dumb. It is basically the Fox News of business journalism. 




I stopped buying Nike in the 90's because it was a fucking line and 4 letters on expensive shit when I could get cheaper clothes and shoes that looked as good or better...




he typed on his computer 




In all honesty, Americans think sweatshops are terrible because our laws provide better working conditions for us. In countries where those exist, they often earn higher pay than most other jobs in the area, and they don't think twice about the conditions because it's the norm. 

I'm not saying they are good things or anyone *should* support them. There's definitely bad ones that truly are terrible and borderline, slave child labor. But many are actually doing a lot of good for the workers who work in them (they're not as bad as the stereotype would have you believe. It's all relative.)




How did you type this comment?




Two things.  You probably have stuff in your closet right now made by child labor. Second, suppose a kid is keeping his family from starving by working in a sweat shop?  If we shut down the shops how does that kid survive?  Seriously.  Like, does the kid just starve because we don't want children working?   




Aww dammit I hope that’s still not true, becuase I fucking love the Nike SFB Combat boots, shits are comfortable boots and are practically running shoes...




I don't think people realize how many products are made under terrible labor practices. I wonder if you buy things from stores who sell things and enable that behavior.




oh sweet child of summer




How does that even come up during check out? 




_Cafeinated sugar drink_, spread the happiness!




or people get upset over kneeling rather than child sweatshop.




I mean, you profit off of it too. I doubt you don't use anything made in South East Asia.

Is it funny that you're being preachy against them?




Its down a few points but its still up around 30pts on this time last year.




Didn’t you hear?  They pay them 50 cents a pair now, so that they’re technically not slave labor anymore.




You forgot the NFL and kneeling...




Might be easier to list the things they are OK with.




But what if those shoes end up being donated to a veteran who doesn't agree with them about politics?




Racial injustice? Right, they didn't just virtue signal to pad their bottom line.

Man, they make their shoes in sweatshops with child labor, then turn around and sell them at exorbitant prices. The majority of the people they're trying to sucker in to buying these shoes wouldn't be able to afford them anyhow.

Glad their stock is tanking.




Symbols are a powerful thing, people have a lot of gratitude for this country and the flag represents that. I mean, it did give like 90%+ of us a standard of living never seen in human history. So it's pretty easy to understand why people are upset about it.

Personally, I don't care about the kneeling... I also don't care that people care. That's how this works, people are allowed to protest, people are allowed to be pissed. The American flag isn't a symbol of police brutality to most people, so they are using their voice in response.

I'm actually more annoyed w/ Colin about stuff he has said/done outside of the kneeling, this dude tried to defend Fidel Castro while playing in Miami lol.

Hopefully this doesn't backfire, isn't there a phrase "get woke, go broke"? I do know viewership for the NFL is down and a non-insignificant amount of people directly point to the protests




It upsets their world view. People should only be concerned with the same issues that they are.




I think a lot of people are just pissed politics has been entangled with football. So many people watch sports as an escape from everyday life and stress, and now they've got to deal with politics there too. No matter what they're saying, hearing about Trump everywhere gets old, fast.




This is why it’s best to watch hockey or wwe




It took me this long to find a comment explaining wtf the issue even was or was the guy was without reading the article. Honestly, I doubt like anyone cares at this point. This seems closer to the EA shares falling articles.




Found you Dr. Peterson. 




Yeah, no one ever made fun of Tim Tebow for kneeling for his sky daddy. Because he was a mighty white man so not one single person ever made a joke about him kneeling.

You've cracked the code, /u/Seankps, it's not because the entire cause is a sham, no it's just to grief a black person!




The fact that you cannot even fathom to understand the issues people have with Kaep, and the only thing you come up with is giving a black person grief, is honestly both scary and hilariously sad.




Why care about what kind of shoes people choose or choose not to buy?




He’s willing to apply nuance to someone like Fidel Castro because of his “education policy” and supposedly having less incarceration, yet makes blanket statements about how people of color are oppressed in the US. 

Also, he wears socks depicting police as pigs. 




> racist assholes 

Or just people who aren't fans of mediocre, underperforming, egocentric twits that went into free agency because they wanted to make Tom Brady money for inconsistent and inadequate playing.

That said, I would never boycott Nike over this foolish little PR stunt. I'm still boycotting them over their love of dogfighters...




It doesn't take a racist asshole to think that words "sacrificing everything" doesn't apply to a spoiled millionaire actually not sacrificing anything by disrespecting the anthem for a bogus cause.




Would never happen Arizona state is a Adidas school 




Doubt it. Colin Sackorpick is an opportunistic hypocrite. He started this attention grab when he started sucking and got benched. Not to mention this guy wants to be the spokesman for injustice yet he wears a Castro shirt to their Miami game. Give me a break. It blows my mind how many people can't see through his BS.




Oh man, the salt is strong with this one




Did he commit a crime and I'm just unaware? What did he do?




ummmm....you know he was protesting police brutality and black people getting killed at higher amounts that any other community? You may not care but this has been occurring since the civil war. Start by researching Rosewood then make your way too...

https://mappingpoliceviolence.org






Peaceful protest=Prison? Got it




3% drop is nothing to them. I would argue the large majority of their fan base support this cause. I don't see a lot of alt-right types hitting up the sneaker conventions. They were just showing their support for the fans. 




Nike was probably thinking about the long term, not what would happen in the following week or two.




Nike knows that the people who buy their gear are mostly young people, who are [*far* more likely to support Kaepernick](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/DmQewMwXgAAAO3I.jpg) than older people. Per the linked poll, overall support for the NFL players protesting during the anthem doesn't become net-negative until around age 45. 

In other words, Nike knows that they'll get a bunch of sales from younger people, that those sales will outweigh any sales lost to people above the age of 45, and that younger people will be more likely to build brand loyalty and stay with them in the long-term as a result of this action, while people over 45 are less and less likely to buy Nike products anyway.

Capitalism, baby!




[removed]




I was expecting more of a drop and thinking of buying.  Nope.  Down 3% and just off an all time high.   




Who’s being bullied in this situation?




https://www.reddit.com/r/whitepeopletwitter/comments/9d0d9e




An overpaid NFL football quarterback started kneeling during the national anthem in 2016, claiming it was to protest police violence against African Americans. Curiously he was completely silent during the 5 years of police violence leading up to 2016 and only made his protest a big deal once he had already been replaced as a starting QB and was about to be cut from the team. Now there are a lot of NFL players kneeling during the anthem and it has pissed a lot of people off who feel it's disrespectful to the anthem, which has in turn pissed a lot of people off who see the right to protest as a fundamental reason the US exists in the first place.

Shorter tl;Dr? It's a cluster fuck, a giant cluster fuck and something to distract people and give them something to bitch about.




Not really.  The Dixie Chicks directly offended their fans with their actions in a foreign country.   Nike’s not going to another country saying how bad America is.




wait....what?  Do you watch the NFL at all?

- his career was over?  in 2016 they signed him to a new contract.  Kaeperinick himself opted out of the contract at the  end of the season due to his play being worth more that year than the contract.  He was expecting to sign for more money..... hence the collusion suit he has against the NFL right now.  Once he opted out of his contract, every team in the league decided that the starting QB for the niners wasn't good enough to be on any NFL roster.  

- Blaine Gabbert started the season as the starter, Kaepernick took the starting job away from him in game 5 and started the rest of the season for the Niners.  

- Almost makes the Super Bowl a few times?  Yeah, he did that, taking his team to NFC championship games...but he also MADE the Super Bowl.  I think you need to re-watch Super Bowl 47 again to see who played the Baltimore Ravens.  




Which is the purpose of every advertisement ever.




Almost like they're important or something.




Oh boy where do I begin...

> Beside Kap never did anything that mattered for his cause.

Kaep hasn't played since 2016 and Trump is still tweeting about NFL players taking a knee.  Are you sure he hasn't done anything like, oh, start a movement?  

Also, https://www.si.com/sportsperson/2017/12/06/colin-kaepernick-charity-giving-donations  (Are you going to admit you were wrong about Colin?  No, of course you won't.)  

>  Just another hashtag activist 

Hashtag activist?  What?  His protest started on a football field, not on twitter.  (again: https://www.si.com/sportsperson/2017/12/06/colin-kaepernick-charity-giving-donations)

> not taking real action.

What is "real action" in regards to protesting racial injustice?  [Does it look like this?](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2016_shooting_of_Dallas_police_officers)  Is that what you want?  How do you define "real action" when it comes to bringing attention to racial injustice?  

> He learned from the Obama's remember #bringbackourgirls? They still need rescuing...

I'm not going to take your bait and change the subject to something else.  We're talking about Colin Kaepernick, not Barack Obama.  If you're not comfortable talking about Kaepernick then don't comment at all.  






https://www.si.com/sportsperson/2017/12/06/colin-kaepernick-charity-giving-donations




> Beside Kap never did anything that mattered for his cause

You mean besides donating millions of dollars and starting a nationwide conversation?





>Beside Kap never did anything that mattered for his cause. Just another hashtag activist not taking real action. He learned from the Obama's remember #bringbackourgirls? They still need rescuing...

Why are you posting demonstrably false information?




They're still selling to both sides. 




..what are you talking about? Kaep has put his money where is mouth is. 




> Beside Kap never did anything that mattered for his cause. Just another hashtag activist not taking real action.

I mean, he used his position of fame to protest and bring about nationwide discussion on a major issue. That's a pretty big thing.




Today was a meh day for the stock market in general. So probably temporary.   




Like everyone else on the stock exchange who had a mildly crappy day lol. It wasn't just Nike.




Wait, do Nike own Puma and Adidas too? Cuse they had a shit day too 




>  I don't really care either way, Kaepernick is a clown, the people who support him are losers, and their cause is a sham. 

For someone who doesn't care you sure have some very strong opinions about him and his supporters LOL




> I don't really care either way, 

Ok.

> Kaepernick is a clown, the people who support him are losers, and their cause is a sham. 

Oh. Yes, that is some mighty fine not caring.




Probably part of the reason this drop is so tiny.






They turned a social justice warrior into a spokesperson for a product made my cheap foreign labor in terrible working conditions.

Peak Capitalism.




I mean it's not like anyone didn't know who Nike was though. 




Reverse Streisand effect would be trying to spread it throughout the internet only for no one to be interested and it fades away without being noticed.




I'm buying there stock on the low?




Fuck. It’s so fucking brilliant. 




Exactly my thought.  They get to kill two birds with one stone.




Ideally, you want to do a stock buyback to increase investment for shareholders.. Not just 'cuz... Or in the case of Nike, regaining lost ground due to your stock being volatile.




And they saved a ton of money on their ad campaign by endorsing a *former* professional athlete. Think about how much more someone like Tom Brady or Dak Prescott would have cost. 




Yeah and I bet they spent a shitload on market research to verify that very hypothesis before they did this.




....snowballing off of that - I mean do they even sell Nike at Walmart?




the whole point of the campaign is to get grandpa douche bag to STOP wearing his nikes and burn them... nothing could make be better for nike.




Meh, looks like of expensive. 




Wait, Colin kaepernick’s ad crashed the stock market?!

I guess it really is Black Tuesday 




How is this shit upvoted? What Reddit thinks it knows about finance and what it actually knows is so far off it’s amazing. NKE, with a beta of 0.56, would explain about a 0.56% movement for every 1% movement of the S&P. NKE dropped 23x as much as the S&P. The Nike dip today is idiosyncratic. 




Or the fact that Nike stock has been "falling" for over a week...




Nike is one of the stocks on the dow 30, the Dow actually would have closed higher if Nike stock had not gone down today.  Nike was the biggest dow loser of the day down 3.16%, the second biggest was Verizon down 2.17%.  But Nike has also been one of the Dow's top performers this year.




I think the beginning of the NFL season tomorrow is probably a bigger motivation.  People are going to start getting excited about anthem nonsense again, and so they're positioning themselves to take advantage of it.




This guy stock markets.




There has to be controversy every day regardless of what happens, whatcha gonna do?




[For anyone out of the loop](https://youtu.be/2_8XaXV0_9c)




It's contagious. 




“See these two tow-hooks? They look like tusks. And what kind of animal has tusks?” 




I don't believe they are an American company. American Under Armour was up




I can be that Slav




Stipe Miocic squatting in a track suit with a black eye




[deleted]




He's a member of a union.  That union negotiated a contract with the business owners that does not require him (or anyone else) to stand during the anthem.

YOU may eat your boss's ass because he "expects" you to, but if you have an employment contract, and it doesn't require you to eat your boss's ass, then the reality is you are voluntarily eating that ass.




[His work is okay with it](http://twitter.com/RapSheet/status/1037070713364963328):

> "The National Football League believes in dialogue, understanding and unity," Jocelyn Moore, the NFL's executive vice president of communications and public affairs, said in a statement. "We embrace the role and responsibility of everyone involved with this game to promote meaningful, positive change in our communities.

> "The social justice issues that Colin and other professional athletes have raised deserve our attention and action."




Oh yeah you morons actually care about slave labor. Don't make me laugh. 




He already made a statement. 


>"As much as I disagree with the Colin Kaepernick endorsement, in another way — I mean, I wouldn't have done it. In another way, it is what this country is all about, that you have certain freedoms to do things that other people think you shouldn't do," Trump said.




I'm not sure anything could make something more popular in the youth demographic than Trump hating it.




What’s the back story on keurig? I love mine. 




Sweatshops is actually a complicated topic. Should look into it sometime!

At the end of the day it really boils down to the fact that most sweat shops exist because of extreme poverty and extremely weak/corrupt governments. Yeah, it is super shitty of large corporations to exploit that situation, and it is really tough to say they are “helping” the people. But in more than a few cases sweat shops have helped communities develop and push wages and standards of living up. I can dig up examples and sources if you are interested. You could also probably find some good documentaries and articles if you dig as well =)




You mean like Nike bought screentime so they're name can be sprayed on the tele?




I think they figure is that most of the people who are pissed aren't really people who buy Nike stuff anyway.  Nike doesn't exactly sell a lot of camo apparel.  They are more geared towards people who live in cities.  There's likely more people who will buy Nike now that wouldn't have before than there are people who would have bought it but now won't.  Plus, there's also all the people who will buy the stuff now just so they can post of video of them burning it on Facebook.




There's a reason why big companies still advertise, and they're banking on getting lots of free coverage from this. No such thing as bad publicity.




That's not the point. Brands need to keep themselves alive you know. If they don't, 7 years down the road someone will say: "Hey, do you remember Nike's? Those guys made some awesome shoes didn't they? I wonder what happened to them."




I have high arches and have never found a pair of NBs that I like. Recently tried the 847v3 and they were the least comfortable shoes I've worn. Was really disappointed after reading so many good reviews.




Including today, NYSE:NKE is up 56% in the last year...




The campaign yielded no returns? They just announced it like two days ago, right?

Can I safely assume you’re not involved in brand marketing professionally? Two days is a pretty aggressive period to expect returns on a marketing campaign...




You clearly just want it to fail. There is a mountain of evidence that this is not causal and largely irrelevant but you just want kneely black dude to be the kiss of death so he can be shoo’d away.

Why?




Why would they care if the stock slightly dipped for a day?  It has no effect on their bottom line.  What they care far more about is if it nets them more revenue during the ad campaign.  If it ends up working out for them the stock will rise.




How often do both groups buy Nike products?




I'm just glad these guys are burning their shit at the end of the summer.  We'll see these guys sporting new Nike shit once winter hits.




Chick-Fil-A and In-n-Out are the liberal equivalents. 




Cheers guvna, I won me job as a chimmney sweep back! It's woi aye voted feh Brexit!




Do you have any legitimate sources backing up your slippery slope argument there, lil angry fella?




Ah yes the children should be thanking the manufacturers for exploiting them. Just like the colonies should have been thanking the European powers for "civilizing" them. Maybe the slaves should have been thanking their owners too for bringing them over to a much better country




"And here comes n\_55 out of the gates with an early contender for 'Most Unapologetically Inaccurate Comment of September.' Let's see if this one holds up, Johnny!"




If conservatives now care about this issue, its an unexpected bonus.




Let's test out your theory that sweatshops are great places to be. Go work in one for a few years and then get back to us on how it worked out. No cheating and being the people that beat the workers, you're going to be working.




Just like their god-emperor.




The OP has tons of comments hating on Kaepernick and spends a lot of his time on /r/BlackPeopleTwitter denying that racial inequality exists and claiming that the Democrats are the real racists. I mean, he's got this winner:


>**The "Southern Strategy" didn't exist** (or at the very least, didn't work). Richard Nixon, the man who is often credited with creating the Southern Strategy, lost the Deep South in 1968. In contrast, Democrat Jimmy Carter nearly swept the region in 1976 — 12 years after the Civil Rights Act of 1964. And in 1992, over 28 years later, Democrat Bill Clinton won Georgia, Louisiana, Arkansas, Tennessee, Kentucky and West Virginia.

>**The party switch never happened. It was a myth created by Democrats (surprise) to deflect from the fact they started the KKK and still had many congressional members who were part of it** - AFTER the CRA passed. The parties have always been the same.




Now they have Nike socks and Nike sweatbands. 




That shit is going to unravel in the wash/dryer too.




See, that would be smart, which is not something you can say about someone burning a thing they payed money for. 




A principled stand? Would you rather they protest outside of Nike with stupid cock hats on?




Here's the fun part, though. If Democrats boycotted in-n-out, they wouldn't buy in-n-out anymore. If Republicans boycotted in-n-out, they would collectively give in-n-out tens of millions of dollars by buying their biggest meals, then taking a Facebook video of them stepping on it or burning it.




Check Twitter. Plenty of cases of sincere destruction of Nike products pop up if you search Nike boycott.




They're fine.




Oh darn, a 3% drop. I guess they have to sell off all their assets.




I thought my ex wife had bought all those up

Boom-POW!




Some people see him as irrelevant, opportunistic, disingenuous, and at least slightly confused.




You didn't hear when Trump called protesters like Kaepernick "sons of bitches" and wanted them fired?




It pretty much is that polarized now, and will remain so for years to come.




You think the Colin Kaepernick issue isn't right versus left?

Well. I suppose you're entitled to your opinion, but it sure seems like the American right has a near-monopoly on people who unironically believe he's spitting on America/the troops/the flag/whatever.




Drug is not the past tense of “drag.” It’s “dragged.” 




What brands are better? Nike is consistently the best I can find. Better than Russell, Gildan, Jerzeez, and holds up the best in the wash after years also. 




We live in a society




or Ipad/phone.




The only thing I have an issue with is if they are dangerous or have kids working there that aren't old enough to legally work in the country they are in.  Because even if working for $2 an hour seems shitty to us, it beats making $1/hour in a field somewhere doing back-breaking labor or being a child prostitute or child soldier or something.  In a lot of countries, people don't have a ton of options to make a living.




I try to buy American because Americans need jobs too. Plus we have an EPA and other countries do not give a single crap about pollution. 




People forget cost of living all the time. "These people are being paid 3 dollars a day to make your shoes." Well, food for them and their family for the week costs around 5 bucks. The highest paying job in the area is probably 10x less than minimum wage in the US.




I can understand the low pay, but not the poor working conditions.




[removed]




1: They obviously don't know if they do, and if they knew they would probably stop buying said items. The point is that they know Nike uses child labor and they don't support it.

2: Funny how the developed world doesn't use child labor yet the  majority of us aren't starving. You can actually improve peoples' lives without making them suffer for it. WE don't shut down the shops. The market does. When it become untenable for a company to use slave and/or child labor, they'll stop doing it. When it becomes untenable to pay people such paltry wages that they can't afford to work for them, companies will stop doing that too. 

This is all not taking automation into account which will slash jobs across the board and won't give a rat's ass whose job it's erasing. But that's a whole other conversation.





Beats being a child soldier or child prostitute.  None of it is good, but we're kidding ourselves if we think a kid in a situation where they are working in a sweatshop is going to go to school if they all shut down.  They will just end up working under the table doing something that is likely worse.




So you think we should have kids working in sweatshops?




Check the made in label, if that place is in Asia then it's probably true.




Virtue signaling or it's a BS story. I'm sure people are buying the products for this exact reason but they're not spouting it off to the cashier who could probably not give less of a fuck about.

But if it's the type of people buying several pairs of shoes in one go they likely have a lot of money (or not...) or collect shoes so their reasoning isn't for the ad but maybe resale.




Then they suddenly care about sweatshops when people keep laughing at their stupidity over crying about a piece of cloth. 




and tan suits and Dijon mustard.  




infidelity, [private email servers...sometimes](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bush_White_House_email_controversy), bailouts, taxes, bigger government, bans, [civil asset forfeiture](https://www.cbsnews.com/news/sessions-signals-more-police-property-seizures-coming-from-justice-department/), child concentration camps, collusion, vehicular homicide by a Nazi, [white people golfing as much as they want.](https://www.sbnation.com/golf/2017/3/27/15073086/donald-trump-tweets-barack-obama-golf), and Alex Jones.  

...that's even more depressing.    




Considering how whiny conservatives are about "disrespecting the veterans," I'm sure they can overlook politics to help out those in need 




I'm no Wall street expert, but down to 79 from 82 is not "tanking". Actually it's probably a "buy" now so watch it go back up.




They are protesting racial injustice, and it's not disrespecting the flag or veterans. And I never said Nike using child labor was ok, it's just that's not why conservative snowflakes are protesting Nike. They're protesting Nike because Nike hired Kaepernick for an ad campaign. Also, Nike's stock isn't tanking, a lot of companies stock went down today, like Adidas and puma. The Dow Jones is down a bit too. You're trying to find correlations that don't exist. Their current stock is only a few dollars below their all time high. Also, 80% of their revenue is international, so even if they lost every single American customer, they'd be fine. 




> I mean, it did give like 90%+ of us a standard of living never seen in human history. So it's pretty easy to understand why people are upset about it.

It also gave people the right to protest.





Maybe people don’t want to think about politics while watching the one thing that makes them happy every week.   I don’t really care because I don’t watch football but I understand why a large group might not like this.  Football players can kneel and other people are allowed to be upset with that. 




It wasn't about Trump or ever supposed to be about him until he personally decided to involve himself by taking the inherently anti-American stance of attacking free political expression. 




> I think a lot of people are just pissed politics has been entangled with football. 

Then they should ignore it.  As far as I can tell, football continues to occur. 




Fun fact: This had absolutely nothing to do with President Trump until he decided to interject himself into the conversation.

As he tends to do, I guess. It's just odd to hear that specific complaint about this issue.




Why weren't they passed when they started playing the anthem? That inserted politics into the game.




Football and politics have been deeply intertwined for at least as long as the owners have been demanding that taxpayers pay for their stadiums. Not to mention the constant (literal and otherwise) flag-waving and military displays at NFL games.

The people who are getting all worked up over this don't give a shit about getting politics in their football, they just don't like black people and don't mind the police shooting a bunch of them for no particular reason.




When you’re a public figure like an athlete, it is irresponsible not to use your reach to tackle real issues.




Did the president call Tim a son of a bitch and want him fired?

How many people burned or destroyed their own stuff over it?




This comment is a special brand of stupid.




People are burning their nikes because they aren't a fan of kaepernick? That's a pretty extreme reaction. Seems like there is a racial component as racists love buring things. 




Lmao at "disrespecting the anthem" by personally upholding the very highest values of being free to engage in peaceful political dissent that the country the anthem symbolizes was literally founded in.

People like you are the only ones disrespecting the anthem by attempting to use it to push your anti-American beliefs. 




>should millionaire actually not sacrificing anything

You must really hate Trump, then. At least Kaep worked hard to achieve what he did.

>Bogus cause

Facts say it's a pretty legit cause, but hey, truth isn't truth these days when alternative facts are just as important as reality.




Racially equality is not a bogus cause. It's EQUALITY. if white people were being disproportionately excecuted and imprisioned in this country you'd do a lot more than kneel in peaceful protest of violence. Shame on you and anyone else who is too damn blind to understand this truth. We need to care about each other over everything else. That's how we'll truly be "the land of the free".




Kaepernick has done more for what the anthem represents than you spineless cowards ever will. 




Totally agreed. It's a bogus ad campaign, but I think at the end of the day, the publicity will be good for Nike. The same demographics that closely follow shoe brands and spend a lot of money on name brand shoes are the same demographic that would support a moron like Kapernick.




https://www.forbes.com/sites/jerrybarca/2018/02/01/colin-kaepernick-not-stopping-donations-roll-past-1-million/




[deleted]




I have nothing to add to this comment other than that “Colin Sackorpick” is the best petty insult I e heard in a good while




Lol, I wonder how they're going to market this stuff? Warm up pants with padding for sitting on the bench, shoes and cleats that fall apart by the first half, and quite possibly jerseys with a -1 on them?




I don't see how it would help long term either. Nike putting their logo on a guy that also wears clothes representing Fidel Castro and Malcolm X seems like a huge blunder to me. 




Facebook set new precedence for large corporations. As long as your shit is trendy and "in"...you can literally do ANYTHING and people will patronize you. We can expect to all sorts of Insanity over the coming years. 




Also, most of their products target urban and suburban people more than people living in rural America.  If Carhartt or something like that hired him that would be dumb, but Nike is likely going to get a lot more people buying because of this than people who would have bought but now won't.




> Nike knows that the people who buy their gear are mostly young people, who are far more likely to support Kaepernick than older people

Still doesn't make sense. Why not have both on your side? Reactions I'm seeing so far are boycott from conservatives and still "what about those sweatshops" from liberals. It's a stupid blunder by people who live in a bubble, same as the California Dems chairman who thought calling for a boycott of In-n-Out was a good idea.




We'll have to let the lawsuit play out, but Kaep's attorney is very confident that he can prove some sort of collusion or discussion to blacklist him. The NFL's been pretty reluctant and non-cooperative in the process, too.

Given the character and values of most NFL owners it wouldn't surprise me at all.





You’re kidding me?!? All of this over some bloke kneeling during the anthem? No wonder it hasn’t made its way over to Australia yet ahhaa 

Thank you so much, good write up 




Get out?




> They turned a social justice warrior into a spokesperson for a product made my cheap foreign labor in terrible working conditions.
> 
> Peak Capitalism.

I don't want to write an essay about this because a) it's late and b) I doubt anyone would read one, but I'm going to point out that this is just par for the course. 

The modern social justice movement is hilariously co-opted by capitalism and issues relating to middle class white women, who not so coincidentally, have the largest amount of economic spending power in society.

To be succinct - Identity politics has proven highly susceptible to brand manipulation. Nike here is a case in point, but there are a thousand little ways companies package up "feel good", or perhaps more aptly named "Feel politically correct" moments into their brands and products to make a sale.





How long can we dress our kids up in overpriced clothes to be cooler then children who were born into less fortunate homes? I still see my friends who are now parents - all the back to school stuff, still glorifying Nike. I'm mean it's nice to look nice but... I own a business now and I had to budget Hard to get here. 





> made my cheap foreign labor in terrible working conditions.

I'm not going to challenge this, but I am going to point out that Nike typically pays a higher rate than the local factories everywhere they manufacture.  They actively hire the best factory workers away from other factories by having higher wages, better working conditions, etc.

Whenever someone points out they are paying "$10 Dollars a day" to employees in X country, they usually fail to mention the average factory worker in that country only gets $7.50 a day and those locals covet the Nike job.  

Nike isn't some saintly company, looking to raise the standard of living worldwide.  Not by any means.  They do as you say: hire cheap factory labor in terrible working conditions.  It's just important to note that the pay/conditions they provide are generally an upgrade to what the locals have otherwise. 




*Social justice warrior* has been used as a blanket insult for so long (in my experience) that I actually had to think about it for a second and realized "yeah no, you're right, Colin is literally a social justice warrior". lol




Don't forget after his short ride to superbowl glory he was a shit quarter back over and over. This is not a phenomenon anymore. 




here is an interesting documentary where a gentleman moves to Indonesia, lives in the same areas as the nike workers, and lives on the same wages as them for a while. Nike literally hired the local mafia to run him out of town 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5uYCWVfuPQ




They did but don’t be so cynical. This is a big deal and will cause ripples that will be felt for a long while and hopefully change some attitudes 




I don't think he qualifies as a social justice worrier XD




Ooooh.  Justice.  Such a horrible thing to fight for.  




Money ain’t an issue for Nike. They have Serena Williams and LeBron James on their payroll. 




Free press $$$$$$$




Why would Dak get an endorsement 




Nike made their deal with Kaepernick in 2011, but hasn't used him in the past *two*.




It isn’t just about the Benjamins. Kaepernick may not be playing football, but he is a celebrity nevertheless. Brady is associated with cheating; not cool. Old fat people like Trump and his pathetic supporters are not a good look for athletic wear.




The stock market didn't crash.

It just took a knee




Wow, he really does hate America




Very interesting. I will admit that I am definitely horribly ignorant of finance and calculations of the sort you just explained. Thank you for introducing me to the concept of “beta” within finance. I really need to read more about this stuff.




No he doesn’t. If he did, he would’ve seen that NKE (Nike stock) has a beta of 0.56, meaning that it should fall about half as much as the reference index if this were due to general market movements, yet it fell about 23x as much as the S&P. 




Damn i think i caught it! 




“That would be the chupacabra, sir.”




A walrus.




Justin Long in Tusk?




You're hired




I think he’s just saying that some of the short term drops to Addidas and puma share prices may be partially due to the industry correlation. The whole market dropping was probably caused by a variety of factors, but Nike’s drop does still have an effect on that. Either way, none of these drops will really matter in the long run. I think it’s just a short term market reaction.




Shit, you mean I’ve been eating all this ass when I didn’t even have to?!




I would love to see you say that to my face,I gave an opinion and you insult me,you keyboard tough guys need to see what would happen to you in the real world




[deleted]




There’s way too much punctuation and lack of spelling and grammatical errors for this to be Trump. Clearly someone has taken over his twitter account in light of the Russia investigation. Most likely because his lawyers let him know that he’s literally admitting crimes on Twitter and to leave communications to the pros. 




> "As much as I disagree with the Colin Kaepernick endorsement, in another way — I mean, I wouldn't have done it. In another way, it is what this country is all about, that you have certain freedoms to do things that other people think you shouldn't do," Trump said.

[Which is the real Trump statement?](https://youtu.be/oY3hpZVZ7pk)

It was a total disrespect of America. I saw him say that on tape. So I'm gonna need a source on the claim you're making now.




How fast can you eat your sneaker? \#NikeChallenge




Later: Trump announces he hates deporting illegal aliens




They stopped advertising on Sean Hannity.




Keurig pulled ads from Fox News after Hannity went too easy on Roy Moore during an interview (about his alleged sexual abuse of a 14 year old)
Now most decent human beings would be like "fair enough" but quite a few Conservatives didn't like Keurig's right to not support child abuse, and protested by smashing their machines, some even going as far to buy new machines and smash them. (The very definition of more money than sense)




So now progressive means pro-corporations and pro-sweatshops cuz it brings jobs to the community. 

Life moves at you fast.




I feel the same as you do when it comes to poaching and deforestation. Those are also very complicated issues where people are very quick to tell "They should just stop doing that!", while in reality it's often times a product of - overly simplified - inequality. 




You could definitely be right.  A lot of times these sorts of things don't have much of a negative impact on companies aside from a short lived stock price dip.  I just have a hunch that this is going to have a bit more of impact.  I'll just have to wait and see when they come out with their quarterly data in December and in March to see if they miss expectations or if I'm flat wrong.  

And again I'm not saying anything catastrophic, I'm just saying they miss their sales targets for the next couple quarters.




1. It was a joke thus the /s
2. "exposure" is not the same thing as publicity, we all know who Nike is, they don't need exposure.




[deleted]




Exactly this.  They are net way up and will continue to climb.  This is a blip on the RADAR.




Yes they have been performing very well.  

That has nothing to do with the outlook after this ad campaign.




So is everything...




Thank you Trump!




I don't have a source, but my educated guess would be that since Nike demographic leans younger, it also leans more liberal. 




Is that you Dave Anthony?




[removed]




Women should be thanking men for equal rites. China should thank Britain for the introduction to Heroin. Jewish should thank Nazi’s for losing weight. 

/s




Wearing ADIDAS.




Like with Keurig. 




[deleted]




Fair enough




Look on the bright side. The last polarization got us the music of the 60s and 70s




Seems like there is only one side wanting the separation. They've staged marches, held #resist meetings and all kinds of shenanagans. I don't see this from people on the right. 




Some moderates are moderately annoyed as well




What do you mean what brands are better??? First of all, look at things without branding. What looks better to you? If you look at certain things, especially clothing, by brand, then you're just doing so because it's what's popular. Nike doesn't use special materials. Yes some items of clothing are made better or worse but it's not a brand thing. All my shirts last just as long regardless of brand. I have South Pole shirts from 18 years ago I still use because it still looks fine and I wash it weekly. If it's non functional and purely aesthetic then stop looking at it by brand.




Haha I don’t think the epa is doing what you think it does anymore




I'd like to do my part, can you recommend some clothing brands manufactured in the U.S.?




Not for long at this rate. They are rebranding to Environmental Profit Agency.




The alternative is farm work which is harder, more dangerous and pays less. 




I don't buy those brands. ****Some**** "sweatshops" actually have decent working conditions and the workers make high wages in relation to the average wage in their area. 




> Like people in these countries have any choice to work where they want at first place.

Which countries? Asian countries? 

Your post is pretty ignorant to be honest. Almost a noble-savage type vibe to it.

You undoubtedly own products made by people living in a similar level of poverty as what you're implying - something you could have avoided had you researched it. But it's easier to just jump down someone's throat for implying there's anything more nuanced to the situation than 'people in those countries are all slaves'. 




> Funny how the developed world doesn't use child labor yet the majority of us aren't starving.

It's not like some kid working in a sweatshop can just sign up for food stamps not to starve.  For a lot of kids out there, it is a choice between the sweatshop, back-breaking farm labor, begging, prostitution, or being a child soldier.  None of it is good, but a factory making shoes somewhere is often the best option for people that have few good options.  The best thing we can do is find ways to get more children out of poverty so they don't have to work in the first place.  Just taking away the more legitimate jobs they can do won't save them.  All that being said, I'd rather not support child labor, but the reality of the situation in a lot of these countries isn't pretty.




I didn't say that.  I asked a question. What happens to the kids if we shut down the sweatshop.  

Does anyone ever think about that?  




when it was banned in bangladesh it mostly created child prostitutes, probably the sweatshop is the best of all possible situations there.




Why not that sounds like reasonable smalltalk to make with a cashier

maybe a touchy subject but some people are more open about things like that

"oh yeah I'm buying this for my son because of kaepernick I like that guy" 

"oh that's swell, have a nice day thanks for shopping at foot locker"

its like a 2 minute interaction you could have with someone

perfectly reasonable situation





I know 2 people who are taking the historical "republican approach", buying new Nike shoes to piss off a conservative snowflake / posting it on Facebook. 

Good God what have we become. 




You forgot funding ISIS through buying black market artifacts.  Hobby Lobby is still the god and country try crafts store.




Ugh, yeah.




Just change pronouns and you get the left side list too. Neither side is clean, just one better at calling others out on it without drawing attention to themselves.




This entire thread is a circle jerk of whining about conservatives.  Couldn't dish up any more irony if you tried...  I suppose that pretty much sums up our society in general these days.




A 3+ percent drop is not a great sign for any stocks. It’s pretty normal to see a stock move that amount over a month but seeing that in a day is because something went wrong.

However Nike’s earnings report is coming up so you are not wrong that it is a good time to buy the dip if you expect them to crush it.

Edit: tell me why you downvoted me. You think a company losing several billion dollars based on public sentiment in a day is normal?




Like shouting down a well, and then having it sperg back at you.




>They are protesting racial injustice, 

aren't protests supposed to have a point/an effect or something? police don't give a shit that millionaires are kneeling for 2 minutes before a football game. this is meaningless and requires no effort or sacrifice by the players, but they can pretend they are making a difference.




Hell, I think it was seriously starting to fall to the background until Trump got involved. 




Well it was more than that really wasn't it, a huge part of it was Trump's vendetta against the NFL due to them pissing all over his franchise plans. This was 30 years ago, and we all know what a pathetic little prick Trump is.

This is much more about making the NFL look bad than politics, In Truth he couldn't give a fuck about the USA, If he were allowed he'd sell Putin the keys to the White House in a heartbeat.




Is that brand down 3% too?




Oh but who doesn't love to burn things.  You ever seen a fire dance in the moonlight?




And calling cops pigs and wearing a t-shirt with a picture of a [murderous communist dictator](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Human_rights_in_Cuba) are also examples of his "sacrifice"? The anthem and the flag symbolize the country, if you have some complaint (and no country is perfect), work on fixing it don't spit on it. Yes he has the freedom to spit on it and on those in the military who actually sacrificed everything to give him that freedom, but I also have the freedom to call him an entitled asshole.




We have racial equality. There is NO discrimination in our laws whatsoever. If you think there are, show me one example. There is no country that goes further in removing every sign of racial inequality to the point where things are in many ways tilted in favor of Black people, such as college admissions and other examples of affirmative action. Or do you think that equality means that same number of white and black people should be imprisoned regardless of the crimes committed? 




What does that have to do with him being a hypocrite? "Fights" for injustice yet wears a shirt promoting a human rights nightmare communist Cuban regime.




I'm not trying to suppress the message, I merely pointed out that he's a hypocrite. Although personally I'd be more concerned about all the mainly young people murdered in Chicago on a weekly basis.




I can't take credit, I first heard it used by disgruntled 49er fans.




He wears a Fidel Castro shirt? Now I hate this guy. 




Well yeah, because you aren't their target demographic. Their target demographic responds positively to this campaign and doesn't share those negative connotations about Kaep that you have. 




And how many multi-billion dollar enterprises do you run?




Have you tried getting the fuck over it 




What's wrong with Malcolm X?




Being on the right side of history has positive long term affects.




You can't get Trump supporters on your side unless you give him complete and total allegiance.

And he's not exactly popular world wide.




Didnt Broncos offer him a contract? How would that play out against him?




Well, as far as I know, your cops don’t shoot first and ask questions later, do they?   




It's not the 90's anymore. Nike actually has better business practices than most in the clothing industry. The iPhone you're commenting from was made in worse conditions.

Nike has actually improved their worker practices and is pretty much in line with the rest of the clothing industry if not better but conservatives all of a sudden care about workers' rights in Bangladesh because it's convenient to derail the conversation.

[How Nike shed its sweatshop image to dominate the shoe industry](https://www.businessinsider.com/how-nike-fixed-its-sweatshop-image-2015-6)

>Nike also raised the minimum wage it paid workers, improved oversight of labor practices, and made sure factories had clean air.

...

>In many ways, Nike has become even more transparent than its competitors about its labor practices, publishing a 108-page report revealing conditions and pay in its factories and acknowledging widespread issues, as well as a complete list of factories it contracted with.

>To this day, Nike continues to publish public reports of conditions in its factories.




New Pepsi Black - Midnight Woke Edition




Most Nike stuff isn't even that expensive.  Some of the high end shoes are expensive sure, but most of it is just normal athletic wear.




[deleted]




If you think about it, paying too much for overpriced stuff that's no better than normal stuff is about the most benign way for rich people to spend their money (other than pure charity, of course).  It dissipates their money without actually diverting any useful goods away from other people. 




There is often competition to get jobs like these (also call center jobs). 

I think more than pay, the big concern should be safety. Do the companies invest and research the safety of their factories to make sure they are not death traps




Sure. I’m pointing out the irony of them using a social justice movement to gain profit when they should be getting scorn for their lack of social justice for their workers.




He's playing a new role now. One maybe he's better suited for.




I’m sure he’s crying his way to the bank right now




16 touchdowns and 4 interceptions in his last NFL season and nobody would give him a job in a league where numerous shit quarterbacks existed.  It was obviously because of his protests




As long as we know the goal is to make money for Nike.




Not to be cynical, but it'll only be a 'big deal' over on social media, as well as at the dining room table for a lot of people. Maybe some lost or gained shoe sales. Maybe they'll revive it when it starts getting dull again, bring some more attention to NFL and sponsors. 






Did you read the last half of the sentence? Do you know what irony is?




Money is always an issue in business. If some marketing exec can swing a highly successful campaign on the cheap they're looking at a lucrative boost to their career.




Money HAS to be an issue for Nike as they have to act on the shareholders best interests.




He’s currently an NFL quarterback for a major market. 




I agree. I’m pointing out that some celebrities brand is more valuable than others. A former mediocre pro QB doesn’t have the ability to reach endorsement income levels as say an active QB, especially a future hall of fame active QB. They got the free press for a low price. It was a good move by Nike. Might hurt their golf sales though. 




I used to crash the market until i took and arrow to the knee...




I wish I had gold to give.. 

[edit]Was easier than I thought[/edit]




It's an old meme, but it checks out.  




Didn't I just tell you to stop making up animals?




...Says the keyboard tough guy.




> I would love to see you say that to my face ... you keyboard tough guys need to see what would happen to you in the real world

Ze Irony,,, she burns,,,,

Moreover, why, exactly, does my description of how employment contract law works make you violent?




It wasn't a tweet. It was an interview with the Daily Caller. [Here](https://dailycaller.com/2018/09/04/trump-interview-nike-kaepernick-deal/) 




*Trump makes normal comment.*

*People demonize him.*




People keep sharing that one statement, which makes it seem like Trump is trying to be understanding of Kaepernick. He's not. He's talking about respecting the rights of Nike to make that business decision to endorse Kaepernick. Here's the whole context of the Oval Office interview with the Daily Caller, [from their article.](https://dailycaller.com/2018/09/04/trump-interview-nike-kaepernick-deal/)

>*“But I think it’s a terrible message that they’re sending and the purpose of them doing it, maybe there’s a reason for them doing it,” Trump mused, “but I think as far as sending a message, I think it’s a terrible message and a message that shouldn’t be sent. There’s no reason for it.”*

>Despite that, Trump acknowledged that it’s Nike’s right to make its own business decisions.

>*“As much as I disagree with the Colin Kaepernick endorsement, in another way — I mean, I wouldn’t have done it,”* Trump said.

>*“In another way, it is what this country is all about, that you have certain freedoms to do things that other people think you shouldn’t do, but I personally am on a different side of it.”*

Also, [here](https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/1037334510159966214?s=20) is Trump's tweet from a couple hours ago about it.




https://www.cnbc.com/2018/09/04/trump-nike-sent-a-terrible-message-with-kaepernick-ad.html




Haha oh lawd




Consider the alternative. This is work that pays and pays regularly. This is what people live on. Taking away a sweatshop without fundamentally changing the country and region its in to where people can find other, better employment is kicking people when they're down at best, killing them at worst, all for the benefit of padding your self on the back for doing absolutely nothing.

Farm work, the fallback for most people in this situation, is much harder and much less reliable as your existace is dependant on good weather, but no one is saying look at these poor farmers and farmlands doing backbreaking labour out in the elements for next to nothing. That's fine. An ugly building where people do hard work for a wage that's acceptable to them, criminal. 




wasn't trying to make any of those statements or represent any viewpoint other than my own.

why the toxic post though? No need to be grumpy.




Don't go working in marketing. (no /s needed for this one).




Thar be a bubble brewing.




You think the entire stock market is up 56% in the last year? Do you know how easy it is to prove that is nonsense?






The S&P 500 has been flat all year. 




/s

Here's your sarcasm tag. You almost forgot it.




You do realize... none of your 3 sources mention them dealing drugs or working as prostitutes. At all...

So, good one man. Good one.

What they DO argue is that it actually causes a rise in child labor. Which you could have argued, but isn't what you argued. 




I mean I guess donating them or something would be cooler, I just don't have a problem with people destroying their products in boycott, I think it's a physical message outside of just...not buying the brand. 




You'll be pleased to know they've risen about 50% since the start of the year, and that many other businesses dropped around 2% because it was just a bad day in general for the stock market. 




Uh, you already forget about the Charlottesville nazi rally?




As opposed to the explosion of militia groups actively supporting armed insurrection during the previous Administration?  There was *massive* talk of succession in the South.






Yeah, the tea party was really a super liberal group that marched and held meetings about how much they hated the president. 

*President Obama...*




That's because *you don't want to see it*.  You're biased. 




You wash your shirts weekly?




You can not honestly think Nike is nothing but a check and four letters. Yes, some of their plain looking clothing might look the same as others. But the materials are not the same. Especially when it come to sports wear. The only company that matches up with Nike is Under Armour. I'll agree, some of Nike's clothing is expensive, but that no different than any other top of the line clothing company that has a wife range of pricing on their clothing. You make it seem like Nike is some crazy expensive line.




New Balance (some, not all) for shoes and Red Wing for boots. Wrangler makes some jeans in the US but you can google trendier stuff. 




Search for clothes that are Berry Amendment compliant. Many popular brands make clothes for service members, which must be manufactured in the USA.




Sure and we're exploiting that fact. There's little reason we can't enforce our labor laws on American companies who operate outside of the US. It's not like we have very strict labor laws anyways.




It is also banned in many other places. So do you think we should have children working in sweatshops? Is that what you mean by it being the best possible situation?




The left is okay if a female Nazi kills someone?  And if a female white person golfs?  And female child concentration camps?  And female Alex Jones?

I don't get this Buttery Males example




What you think you're not whining? Cause you totally are. 




That's not the only thing they're protesting. Also, I'd argue it is making a difference, considering how many people have noticed it. They've brought the problem to the forefront of political debate. I'm sure when Rosa Parks sat in the front she didn't expect to solve civil rights then and there. 




Engaging in quiet, peaceful political dissent that in no way interrupts the anthem or directly affects anyone else's ability to respect the anthem whatsoever = spitting on it. 

You're a joke and the thin veneer of patriotism you use to cover up your anti-American beliefs is a sad and obvious lie. How dare you try to use the symbols of this country to attack the very beliefs and values that they actually represent.




> I also have the freedom to call him an entitled asshole.

Funny. That's pretty much exactly what I was thinking about you.




Black men receive significantly longer sentences than other people for committing the same crimes, for one.




Please read the following articles.

http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2018/01/12/shrinking-gap-between-number-of-blacks-and-whites-in-prison/

https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2017/12/15/a-mass-incarceration-mystery/?noredirect=on&utm_term=.6f118540bb04

https://abcnews.go.com/Politics/black-men-sentenced-time-white-men-crime-study/story?id=51203491




He wore a shirt??????? omg

Nah but seriously he may be ignorant about Castro, but he is correct in his protesting.  MLK was adulterous and the FBI used it against him even though his message was true.  

Feels very similar.





Okay, I'm interested. This seems to me a lot like the 'no we should go after mental health issues' thing, that people use to deflect protests of an issue. Do you actually want to protest to do something about the murder rate in urban inner cities? And what do you propose?
And do you not feel like there's a difference between crime happening, in a way the state doesn't have direct control over, and agents of the state killing people without reason? Why do you feel it's important to raise the chicago issue when police brutality and racism comes up?

If you actually care about these issues, talk about them at other times than whenever you want to dismiss people talking about police brutality issues and systemic racism. 




Racial inequality has caused a large number of the murders in places like Chicago so you're only arguing with yourself here really.




Exactly.

Target demographic: people barely above the poverty line, with a dozen pairs of $300 sneakers in their otherwise decrepit ap~~p~~artment.

Those people don't understand what anything means, so it doesn't matter.




Wearing a Castro shirt is like wearing Hitler shirt so Idk what demographic they're going for here. That's why it blows my mind, do people not know what Castro did or do they not care? 




That's irrelevant to the discussion lol get outta here with your nonsense. 




That was clever 




Look up Nation of Islam.




I mean he did have Nazis speak at his rallies.




Are you familiar with the ideologies of either of the men in just mentioned?? 




The Nazis were also dead certain they were acting on the right side of history, you should probably cool it with that ridiculous argument.




Thanks, I'd heard that cristcism about Nike for years, but nothing recent




$40 for plain tees... $25 for socks...they’re anything but affordable 




And it's very comfortable, including their sneakers. 




When you need $3 for milk, and you don’t have $3 for milk. 

Them Nike shoes look like trophies. 

Everything is relative. I grew up poor A F. Nike was super expensive shoes. 


Now I’m fine with dropping $350 on a tailored shirt.




Most of their cool shoes aren’t even that expensive

AF1’s are like $90




I have some nice things so I really mostly agree with you they aren't of themselves a bad thing but my overarching arguement is more of a macro cultural tendency to buy material goods that have perceived value and very minimal intrinsic value- at the very high price of, at times, manual slave labor. 
  You know what I'm talking about- America has been running the merchandise status-quo consumerism attitude that we are frogs in hot water.  
  So while we can't audit the supply chain of every consumer good yet- we could be teaching our children that maybe it's ok to have more regular clothes and practice investing in producing value. :) it's not simple or easy but 
---- America and other first world countries need to wake up. 




> Frankly, if they can afford it, why not?

We can?

https://www.cnbc.com/2018/02/13/total-us-household-debt-soars-to-record-above-13-trillion.html




What's a large chunk moneywisse? Yeah, that's what I expected.




I buy some nice things to for functional reasons. Looking good gives you confidence, ok fine. 

But nike has long been a brand of conspicuous consumption. People buy it to show off they have money to burn. Every kid had nicer clothes than me when i was a kid. Its having the name brand that makes you feel superior and give you license to make fun of someone else. "Clothes from walmart*? Youre poor! You suck!" 

To this day i have been very successful by most measures, but i still have a hard time feeling like "im enough." if ive made progress its because of the self improvement movement. All my success has been a meaningless toil of trying to deal with the chip on my shoulder, succeeding at materialist goals i never really cared about to begin with.

If nikes are more affordable, it probably because spending money just to show that you can is being seen as the tacky display it always has been.


*the nicest clothes i ever got




Material things will never get you happiness. That’s the realization you will come to sooner or later or never but that doesn’t change the truth. Also, teaching kids that their self worth is not just a culmination of how they look, what they wear or how many followers they have on social media or how cool they look will give more success and sense of self confidence than anything else..




I didn't mean to come off as overly combative, haha.  My college years just left me with an annoyance for the constant demonization of companies like Nike.  It'd be like if the average factory worker in South Carolina made $10 an hour and some company came in and paid $12.50 and caught shit for it because it wasn't $20 an hour.  Like, yeah, $12.50 ain't much but it's better than the average for the area which raises the standard of living. 




But isn't paying above standard wages socially just?




Americans don’t want to make Nike’s, they want to wear them. Nobody wants those jobs, keep them where they belong.




Every Nike thread today has such a diverse and changing scale of morality that I wonder how people can't see how their judgements are inherently biased.

People judge them for picking Kapernick. People judge them for having factories in foreign countries with less labor/wage laws, when literally every company does this. People judge them for potentially making a profit. People judge them for potentially losing a lot of money and customers.

Theres two sides to every argument, yet everyone doesn't want to provide evidence or even acknowledge that these are complex topics that you can't just say "Fuck Nike, their some evil bastards." or "Nike is such a socially progressive company, very altruistic." Its a grey area in-between.




You're criticizing people for supporting something worthwhile.  That's absolute nonsense.




Oh for sure.

But if they can swing a highly successful campaign, cheap or not, their career is still going to trend in the right direction.




But he’s baaaaaad




Won’t even hurt with golf. Most good golfers don’t like cheats - like Trump - either. 

Nike wants to appeal to young, strong, good looking people in all sports, as well as those who aspire to that look and lifestyle. A preponderance of those types are not necessarily partisans, but believe in social justice and their first amendment rights. Old Trumpsters just don’t fit the image.




Pornhub comments on overstock photos was one of the funniest things ive ever seen on the internet, bravo




I wish you did too




Did I insult him? No




I was referring to this tweet

https://mobile.twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/1037334510159966214?ref_src=twsrc%5Egoogle%7Ctwcamp%5Eserp%7Ctwgr%5Etweet

“Just like the NFL, whose ratings have gone WAY DOWN, Nike is getting absolutely killed with anger and boycotts. I wonder if they had any idea that it would be this way? As far as the NFL is concerned, I just find it hard to watch, and always will, until they stand for the FLAG!”

Its way too coherent and has too much correct spelling to be trump. Or maybe he finally stopped doing cocaine at night or something. 




Idiots bought keurigs and broke them. Keurig said thanks for the money bros.




For actually knowing what exposure means? He's right. Nike doesn't need exposure and they don't advertise for exposure. Most of their advertising is attempts at positive association. That's specifically what "spokesmen" are meant to provide.




Do you not understand it is an up year for the market as a whole, which was my point?




The s&p started the year at 2696 and closed today at 2897. That's about a 7.5% increase so far in the first 8 month. That's really solid gains




I don't have a personally issue with it either, I just think it's dumb to ruin something you've already spent money on. Nike isn't cheap.




[deleted]




And nothing was burned, nobody was punched or assaulted. It was civil. The left can't do anything without throwing a fit. 





Really? Go to tourube and look for evidence of violence against Trump supporters and against anyone on the left. Antifa, #resist and these other leftist orgs are Noth ng more than hate groups. 




Yes, I do laundry weekly. 




Reread my last sentence...




Most Red Wing boots and shoes are imported now too.




Unfortunately I have to buy very specific shoes to support my large size. And I'm not comfortable in any type of wranglers. That's all?




clearly the oppertunities for children varies by place, there are many places where you can concievably send kids to some school. Obviously whenever possible parents would already do this.



wheneve you ban something, including childlabor, you should still ask wheter or not it is going to actually improve things across the entire scope of the measure, instead of just going by arbitrary assumptions you've made which are based on your specific environment.




That’s because you’re sane!




https://www.americamagazine.org/politics-society/2017/11/27/margaret-sanger-was-eugenicist-why-are-we-still-celebrating-her




>Also, I'd argue it is making a difference, considering how many people have noticed it.

he did this a year or 2 after michael brown and the riots in ferguson, eric garner in new york, laquan mcdonald in chicago, tamir rice in clevland, walter scott in charleston, freddie grey in baltimore... these were all major headline killings. he is not getting anyone to care that didn't already. 

>They've brought the problem to the forefront of political debate. 

debate is useless. no one who matters cares about kaepernick kneeling, or whether he plays football or not. as evidenced by the fact that here we are 2 years later, still "debating" his actions and cops still rarely even get arrested and when one finally gets charged and convicted it is major news. 




Neo-Nazis are engaging in quiet, peaceful political dissent when they are standing around holding nazi flags and yet everybody rightly loses their shit over it. They have the legal right to do it too. Symbolism is important, you don't have to be violent to be wrong. As for anti-American, you have no fucking clue what you are talking about. Being in favor of kneeling or against it are both examples of free speech, neither is more or less American. Nobody is asking for any laws to be passed to stop him from kneeling.




I did and I still can't find an example of any law that discriminates based on race. A lot of things go into sentencing, including prior crimes and other facts about that persons life, education, job history, overall evidence of character etc. I never said there are no racist individuals and it may well be that the study is right and that there are some racist judges and juries but I think the evidence of that existing on a large scale is very minimal. The same study found that hispanic men get lower sentences than whites (and "others" significantly lower) so is that evidence of discrimination against whites or study methodology being flawed or sample size too small?  

The simple fact is that the disparity in incarceration rates between blacks and whites due to blacks committing more crimes. For example, young black men make up about 3-4% of the population and commit roughly 50% of all murders, and other serious crimes. Blacks also perform poorly in education even when in same schools with same teachers with same opportunities as whites. You have to look deeper in the culture such as the breakdown of black family (70% of black children are raised by a single mother, 90% in some inner city ghettos) for the reasons for all this, rather than just throw around racism as a cause for everything. It's just masking the real problems.




If he was so 'ignorant' about Castro that he didn't understand the human rights abuses in Cuba then he is far, far too unintelligent and easily misled to be taken seriously on any social justice issue.

But the truth is he almost surely did know about those things; he just doesn't care, because it's not something that helps 'the movement'...




[deleted]




Castro and Hitler are NOT COMPARABLE in any way. Dude, you need to brush up on your history before you go using it to make a point.




Nice Godwin's Law example.

Either way, people wear edgy stuff so the time. Not everyone is such a snowflake about it. His charitable actions easily outweigh his wearing if a t-shirt to most people who genuinely care.




You think it’s irrelevant that the people who made this decision have successfully run a multibillion dollar company that is responsible for some of the best known and most effective marketing campaigns? 

You don’t think that maybe, just maybe, they might have better tools and knowledge to assess the long term benefits and risks of an ad campaign (including controversial ones, like Barkley’s “I am not a role model” ad) than some random shmuck on reddit? 




I'm serious like legitimately you have a problem with Nike hiring a dude who once wore a Castro shirt and a Malcolm X shirt? like this actually registers as a problem for you. Like sure ill even agree that Castros a shit person, but who gives a shit about peoples clothing so much. So are you like boycotting the company now?  




IIRC Malcolm X rejected the nation of Islam in his later years




Good guys.




I'm familiar with how petty you are being by trying to distort Kap's message with frivolous distractions. Kinda like how the FBI went after MLK. No one is perfect, but you can agree with the man's message without endorsing all of his beliefs.




Are you really comparing a non-violent protest to the Nazis?




Not sure where you shop, but I have quite a bit of Nike and never pay more than $20 for a plain tee. Socks are around $20-25 for a 6 pack, right in line with competitors of similar quality. 




Their shoes are all usually under 100 dollars. It's only their bullshit clothing range that's insane.




I only ever buy Nike shoes, not other clothing. The shoes are reasonably priced, they last a reasonable amount of time, and they are comfortable. 




http://www.reddit.com/r/frugalmalefashion




Last time I bought socks at Kohls the Nikes were among the cheapest ones.  They ended up costing like $2 per pair.  Sure, you can get budget socks at Walmart for $1 a pair, but they suck in comparison comfort-wise and don't last.




I find Saucony's lower end shoes to be way more comfortable than any Nikes. But in the end, stuff like that is subjective. I used to sell shoes at a sporting goods store and people would ask me all the time what shoes they should get. I can't pick out your shoes for you any more than I could pick out a mattress for you. 




Bought a pair of Nike Roshe a couple weeks ago before going to CA knowing I would be walking around a lot and I couldn't have been happier. My feet felt fine the whole trip and only paid $60 for them. 




bruuh ever tried boost? nothing more comfortable, facts 




$90 is expensive lol. You can get a great shoe for $35, $90 is still high 




Air Max's are $200+ and fall apart within a year. 




[deleted]




Are you under the impression that non-Nike clothing makers are paid more money?  




[deleted]




[deleted]




> Material things will never get you happiness.

I have only heard this preached by people without material things.

As someone who grew up in abject poverty and reliant entirely on government assistance to eat, who now makes more than American median household income before factoring in my wife's income... yeah, material things can absolutely purchase you happiness. 

There are issues with vapid pointless consumerism, sure, but implying that my buying an expensive bag of coffee from the local small coffee house roaster, or a new outfit that fits me well and gives me the ability to remain confident and relaxed through my next business dinner, or treating my wife to a spa day where she can rest, relax, get her hair did, and walk out feeling better than she has in weeks, my new lappie that can run most new titles while fits nice and compactly when I travel for work... implying that those things cannot provide happiness? I have discovered that this mentality of asceticism correlating to happiness just does not hold up in the face of truth. Material things can lead to new experiences, new feelings, new avenues for growth.

Works for some people, fails for many others. 




That would depend if you think moving an American company to a 3rd world country to avoid paying livable wages to the base of people most likely to buy your product so you can make more profit than you actually need to make could ever be just.




Pretty sure exactly what I was pointing out was there is a grey area in-between. Since the announcement people have been praising Nike as a champion of social justice. What I pointed out was..."wait a second."




I do not believe cheap labour in poor working conditions is worthwhile.




So was Kap. 




I don’t know. One old guy who buys Nike golf gear spends a lot more money on that stuff than a college student saving his pennies for a pair of Jordon’s. 




May your wish come true.. :P 




Thank you! I was just making a joke, not trying to be an ass, but it doesn't matter if you're right on reddit, it only matters that you join the circle jerk. 




Its a below average year for the market. It's up, but less than an average year




No, I don't understand your point. Please explain how Nike wildly outperforming the market this year is relevant to the discussion about whether today's 3% loss is meaningful. 




I legitimately think you actually care more about the 3% drop than Nike does.




> And nothing was burned, nobody was punched or assaulted...the left can’t do anything without throwing a fit. 

Are you intentionally ignoring the far right wingers throwing “fits” at “unite the right” and speeding cars into masses of people where dozens of people were hurt or killed because the right wing nut was “throwing a fit”? Are you ignoring the conviction of another far right winger from that same rally for shooting a gun into a crowd of people? Are you ignoring the conviction of like 3 right wingers from that rally for nearly clubbing someone to death? Are you ignoring those people and their fit throwing?

> nobody was punched or assaulted. 

They were this day, and ran over, and shot at, and brutally beat with clubs.  

We don’t even need to go into how many right wing terrorist attacks have been committed recently and the dozens and dozens of people who have perished to their fit throwing. 

> the left can’t do anything without throwing fits.

While a few on the left may be punching nazis or whatever, and a couple rallies have ended with some broken windows, it would seem like a terrible idea for the right to measure whether or not a policital idea is good or not based on how the adherents on the extremes behave, it’s pretty damn clear the right might not want to bring this topic up... People in glass houses, stones, etc...









* [ Man yells, "Make America Great Again!" Before shooting 6 people dead.](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3521583/Uber-driver-repeated-Trump-s-Make-America-Great-slogan-shooting-dead-six-people-Kalamazoo.html)

* [A Trump supporter murders 2 police officers because they told him he couldn't wave a Confederate flag at a high school football game.](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3902902/Iowa-cop-killer-Scott-Michael-Greene-proud-Donald-Trump-supporter.html)

* [Two men beat a homeless man with a metal bar and urinate on him screaming, “Donald Trump was right, all these illegals need to be deported,” When asked for a comment about the incident Trump defends them saying, "My supporters are very passionate. They love this country and they want this country to be great again."](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/morning-mix/wp/2015/08/21/trump-says-fans-are-very-passionate-after-hearing-one-of-them-allegedly-assaulted-hispanic-man/?utm_term=.f82959c8c076)

* [Trump supporter attacks a Hispanic man and a Muslim student at a gas station while yelling, "Trump! Trump! Trump!"](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/morning-mix/wp/2016/03/14/trump-trump-trump-yells-attacker-as-he-beats-hispanic-man-muslim-student/?utm_term=.baf319b8bc11)

* [Trump supporter stabs a black man unprovoked because he was holding hands with a white woman, tells police they need to release him so he can attend a Trump rally that night.](http://www.skyvalleychronicle.com/BREAKING-NEWS/Black-Man-Stabbed-In-Olympia-In-What-Police-Say-May-Be-Racially-Motivated-Hate-Crime-2584308) 

* [A Trump supporter punches a 70 year old protester in the face.](http://nymag.com/daily/intelligencer/2016/09/69-year-old-woman-punched-in-the-face-at-trump-rally.html)

* [Trump supporter arrested for brutally beating protester.](http://gawker.com/trump-supporter-charged-with-assault-after-beating-prot-1766090832)

* [3 Trump supporters arrested planning terrorist attack to kill Muslims.](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/militia-terror-plot-fbi-kansas_us_58014995e4b0162c043c1e90)

* [Trump supporter confuses an Indian man for a Muslim at restaurant and says, "Things are different now, I don't want you sand n*ggers sitting next to me." Before attacking the man.](http://www.rawstory.com/2016/11/drunken-pittsburgh-man-sucker-punches-oblivious-indian-man-he-mistook-for-sand-nr/)

* ["We got a new President you fucking f*ggots." Men yell as they attack gay man.](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/us-elections/donald-trump-president-hate-crime-gay-man-attacked-homophobic-chris-ball-calgary-santa-monica-a7411116.html)

* [Trump supporters track down and brutally beat an artist because she made a painting of Trump with a small penis.](http://www.nbclosangeles.com/news/local/trump-artist-punched-face-nude-painting-los-angeles-378062381.html?_osource=nbcnews_twitter) 

* [Trump supporter who sucker punched protester: “Next time, we might have to kill them.”](http://www.insideedition.com/headlines/15177-trump-supporter-who-punched-protester-next-time-we-might-have-to-kill-him)

* [Trump is asked to comment on his supporters brutally beating a black man, he responds with, “Maybe he should have been roughed up,” ](https://thinkprogress.org/donald-trump-my-fans-were-right-to-beat-up-black-protester-32639e4da487)

* [Trump supporters beat black man so badly he’s hospitalized for concussion and call him the n-word.](http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2015/11/24/black-protestor-beaten-at-trump-rally-ready-to-sue-for-hate-crime.html)

* [Trump supporter pepper sprays a 15-year-old girl point-blank in the face after another Trump supporter groped her breasts, shouting “n*gger lover” as she attempted to run away.](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/morning-mix/wp/2016/03/30/after-alleged-groping-teen-trump-protester-pepper-sprayed-by-trump-supporter-outside-wisc-rally/) 

* [Trump supporter walks up to a black man in the middle of a downtown area and says, "Donald Trump will deport you." Before punching the black man.](http://bangordailynews.com/2016/11/21/news/bangor/council-members-denounce-alleged-pro-trump-attack-as-hate-crime/)

* [“Trump is going to win and if you don’t like it I’m going to beat your ass,” Trump supporter yells at random black woman outside of convenient store.](http://talkingpointsmemo.com/livewire/todd-warnken-arrested-threatening-black-woman-trump?utm_content=buffer7f991&utm_medium=social&utm_source=twitter.com&utm_campaign=buffer)

* [Man attacks and kicks Muslim airport employee shouting, "Trump is here now, he will get rid of all of you."](http://www.nbcnewyork.com/news/local/Muslim-Employee-Hijab-Delta-Sky-Lounge-Kicked-Harassed-Flyer-Shouts-Trump-is-Here-Now-411924555.html)

* [In 8 months Trump supporters attacked protesters at 20 different rallies.](http://www.slate.com/blogs/the_slatest/2016/03/02/a_list_of_violent_incidents_at_donald_trump_rallies_and_events.html)

* [Trump supporter tracks down a local Latino Democratic political candidate and tries to run him and his elderly mother over with a car. (The Latino candidate is also a former marine.)](http://www.mediaite.com/online/trump-supporter-allegedly-tries-to-run-over-latino-dem-candidate-whos-also-a-retired-marine/)

* ["This is for Donald Trump!" man yells as he runs up a Latino person and punches them in the head.](http://www.rawstory.com/2016/11/this-is-for-donald-trump-white-man-repeatedly-punches-hispanic-worker-in-the-back-of-the-head/)

* [Trump supporter goes to Hillary Clinton rally to disrupt the event, ends up punching someone when asked to leave.](http://www.nydailynews.com/news/politics/trump-supporter-arrested-punching-person-clinton-event-article-1.2842182)

* [Trump supporter punches, chokes and slaps protesters on video during rally.](http://www.businessinsider.com/man-punched-and-choked-protesters-at-north-carolina-trump-rally-2016-9)

* [An angry mob of Trump supporters brutally beat and grab a mans genitals because he held up a, "Republicans Against Trump" sign.](http://globalnews.ca/news/3049756/man-beaten-at-donald-trump-rally-for-holding-republicans-against-trump-sign/)

* [A Trump supporter yells, "Get your black kids out of here. Do you even have a job? Do you know what a job is, n*gger?" Before physically attacking a black man who had come to the hospital to get help for his sick 2 week old daughter.](https://thinkprogress.org/black-family-says-white-hospital-volunteer-assaulted-them-used-the-n-word-and-invoked-donald-trump-3b175dde48a5#.teurfz7ja)

* [Local Republican Politician sexually assaults a woman by, "grabbing her pussy." and then says he is allowed to do it because now that Trump is president he doesn't have to be politically correct.](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/christopher-von-keyserling-republican-grab-woman-genitals-groin-pussy-greenwich-connecticut-town-a7530856.html)

* [Canadian man who was a vocal Trump supporter both online and in person goes into a mosque and murders 6 people.](https://theintercept.com/2017/01/30/suspect-in-quebec-mosque-attack-quickly-depicted-as-a-moroccan-muslim-hes-a-white-nationalist/)

This list is 9 months old. So I'm leaving out where an /r/the_donald user murdered their father for being "too liberal" and the incel who murdered the people in Canada. Plus plenty of others.




I’m not making any arbitrary assumptions. I just asked if you thought we should have children working in sweatshops. I could have assumed that you did, but instead I asked so that I could be sure. I’m still unclear in that regard so maybe you could clear that up. 




I'm so confused...why did you link me a Catholic paper opinion piece?  

What does that have to do with Female Alex Jones?  Or Female taxes?  Or female big government?  Or female civil asset forfeiture?




Debate is useless? Are you serious. Debate is literally what America is about. And just because things aren't changing doesn't mean they won't in the future. Maybe they'll pass legislation forcing life sentences for cops who shoot unarmed people, because it's murder. Why should the cops punishment be different than a normal citizen's? Secondarily, the civil Rights movement didn't happen overnight. It took the better part of a decade, so you saying 'it hasn't changed anything' is just a deflection, because it just hasn't changed anything yet. 




Neo Nazis are literally out killing people.

You might want to reconsider your position when you're literally defending neo Nazis and comparing them to someone that wants more police accountability.




That you are incapable of telling the difference between disagreeing with someone's *reasons* for protesting and attacking them for the *act of protesting in-of-itself* is of no surprise to me considering your desire to "defend" the flag and anthem by attacking the very values and beliefs that those otherwise-empty symbols actually represent. 




Care to share sources or just anecdotal evidence? You lost this argument. Your logic is completely flawed.




Being ignorant doesn't make you unintelligent. 




Good catch. In fact it's illegal in the US to make more than $100k, if you use the french spelling of the word.

They passed that law the same day they officially renamed french fries to freedom fries.




They both hated black people.




Tankie spotted




Dictators who tortured and murders minorites, gee, yeah, I wonder how anyone could possibly draw any comparisons between the two.

Maybe you need to brush up on your history, maybe try some real history and not just some revisionist tumblr history?




> Castro and Hitler are NOT COMPARABLE in any way

Both tortured/murdered dissenters and imprisoned them in barbaric work camps in order to maintain an iron-grip on power, and committed horrific human rights abuses against their own people as a means of control.

Dictators gonna 'dictate', yo...




Castro wanted to fire a nuke at the U.S.. He is not responsible for a holocaust because the Russians said no to him.




You can't possibly know why he wears them. Unless you have a quote in context then what you're saying is pure conjecture. 




Castro murdered thousands of people using the hand of the government. Isn't that what Kaep is protesting? That's like starting a movement to promote religious freedoms with a hitler shirt on.. do you see where I'm coming from? 




"dude you can't just throw someone under the bus cause he wore a swastika shirt one time"




I think he still buys all the red scare propaganda about Castro. 




He did, and it likely cost him his life.




What good has BLM ever done? Afaik they haven't built any autobahn, and their uniforms aren't very snappy either.




The real question is where are you that a Nike tee is $20? I see them more at freaking Ross. 




 Buy expensive Nike stuff, but I’m not going to pay more than a dollar a pair for socks ever. I intend to maintain this truth for the duration of my existence. 




If I'm running, i'll wear my Brooks, i think they are the most supportive and comfortable for running. If I'm walking, I'm wearing my Nikes. If I'm gonna be doing a lot of standing, but not much walking, i find Reebok Classics the best. Ill give the Sauconys a shot though, for sure. I've always seen them and liked the styles but have never heard anything about them. 




Comfy shoes are comfy shoes.




I love the Nike outlets. I won't buy Nikes full priced (cant justify spending more than $60 on sneakers). I wont commend their business practices because i know they arent top-notch, and i surely won't hate on them for who they endorse (even though Kaep supported Fidel Castro). Nike is in it for Nike, no one else. Anyone who thinks Nike is being genuine about social justice is a blind moron. 




Maybe for good skating shoes.

Good luck getting decent basketball shoes at that price.




If everybody paid fair trade value for everything, I really don't think there would be this huge problem right now. *Capitalism* is a system by which a game is played to earn more money, that specifically involves making someone/everyone else (a) loser(s). Anti-capitalists are not anti-trade; they are anti-screwing-over-poors.




  I'm making a point despite the specific party's being mentioned and it's the overall status-quo attitude and how we glorify looks and image over substance. Attitude does make a difference and can make change. 




> How long can **we** dress our kids up in overpriced clothes to be cooler then children who were born into less fortunate homes?

> Frankly, if **they** can afford it, why not?

I believe the we was from the first comment and you referenced them. I could be wrong but that is one way I read it.




To add on another anecdote, I grew up loving to do water sports, but my family never owned a boat and I only got to waterski about once mayyybe twice a summer. I'm now able to partake in that hobby every day of the week if I wanted to AND share it with others. A truck and boat are "material things" but goddammit it's my happy place.




I think you misunderstood what I was implying. Definitely do all those things. Its how we all get by in this complicated world. But, All things we buy or possess provide in some form or the other are just a sensory simulation. Right? And what I meant to say was that pursuing sensory simulation through material things doesn’t lead to long term bliss and happiness. It only gives the illusion of happiness. And even at that, the illusion is temporary. We are always then looking for the next sensory simulation through material possession..instead, we should all strive to have a sense of detachment towards the material possessions. Very few actually can do it. But it’s a life long practice and that is the only way to long term happiness. 
Happiness is a state of mind. And a mind can make paradise living hell or a living hell into paradise. 




I mean I could argue that the _more_ moral thing to do is to move to a 3rd world country _if_ you are creating a factory job there at a decent wage for the local standard of living, because that makes a huge difference in the lives of people who can now move out of absolute poverty.  People don't have to be dragged to cities to work in factories, after all.  They do it voluntarily because rural farming is often no paradise.

Now, of course factories can be pretty crappy too, if working conditions are unsafe, pay is subpar, or hours are too long.  But I don't think it's _intrinsically_ immoral to move to a third world country, or to pay people there less than you'd pay people in a first world country.  I suspect it's no coincidence that global poverty has dropped while third world countries ramped up their exports and factory jobs.




Is social justice an absolute or a relative measure?

 At least as it seems to exist in America I've always seen it as "make sure you're doing the least bad" as a legitimate corporate strategy. 

It would be great if Nike opened union operated factories in the U.S., but not doing that doesn't negate the good they do comparatively to other manufactures.




Yeah but you present it a way that seems to mock the fact that Nike is supporting what seems to be a good social cause.

Its a juxtaposition that makes Nike look like the bad guys which is unfairly deserved. Nearly every manufacturing company has sweatshops, subsidiaries, or satellite corporations taking advantage of undeveloped countries across the world. However, Nike is now the only one among them to take a stand against the NFL, and against police brutality against minorities. A very direct and public stance as well, that will gain them enemies.




Solid point. 





And who is inspired by him? Young, great looking athletic people each inspire dozens of others plus older people who wish they still looked as good and could move as well.  Money and buying power circulates.

Now a nice looking older golfer who looks like he, or she, still has it, could probably rock the look. Might be somewhat conservative, but not a redneck. Nope, when we talk about fat, wannabe Trump types no one is ever going to equate them with style. Nike, or any sportswear, never was their clothing choice. They will not be missed. Betcha.




It's my own opinion, I'm perfectly capable of making up my own mind, nothing to do with circle jerk. Let's agree to disagree on this one then.




I love how you guys have a single event and somehow equate it to everything. Not even to mention that the "unite the right" was a farce. It's the minority of a minority. If you're equating the entire conservative movement to what happened there, you're dim. 




it should be possible, because there are places on earth where you cannot do anything else, besides starve to death or prostitution.



this happened in Bangladesh and it was admitted to be a mistake by the people pushing for the change. We shouldn't write laws for other nations without considering those circumstances. 



the assumption that banning child labor will simply put those same children in schools is wrong when it comes to the third world.




>Debate is useless?

what i meant is that debate over kaepernick's actions/motives/reasoning are useless. the list of police killings that, with the exception of michael brown, were pretty unambiguously murder that all happened before kaep didn't have much impact. the list of killings since the kneeling hasn't had much difference either. i don't understand how you can put more importance on a rich, famous guy's hollow "protest" than you can to the people who are actually being murdered by police.

>Maybe they'll pass legislation forcing life sentences for cops who shoot unarmed people, because it's murder.

it is not always, and that will never happen for about a million reasons. the biggest being the police union. liberals love unions, but the police union is the embodiment of everything that is wrong with unions. and conservative hate unions but love police. i find that amusing.

>Why should the cops punishment be different than a normal citizen's?

normal citizens don't automatically get life for killing another person. that is a terrible idea.

> because it just hasn't changed anything yet.

i get that, not saying i expect this to change overnight, even tho it has already been years and years. decades even. but again, what is kaep adding to this discussion that the families of murdered men/women/kids aren't saying better and more forcefully? why does a rich bonehead need all the attention on his kneeling/playing and if it is disrespectful to veterans or not? what is that *ever* going to solve? who is saying "well i was ignoring all the calls to my office about this guy who was murdered by a cop, but now that a talentless has-been football player isn't standing for the national anthem i better pass a bill!"




[deleted]




And they both sported iconic facial hair... and aggressively seized control of their respective homelands' governments and set them back decades with tragic results that are still being felt to this day. 




wtf i love fidel castro now




I feel like everything that's been said here about Castro directly translates to US presidents.

Hated black people. Tortured and murdered minorities. Imprisoned dissenters. Horrific human rights abuses. and *gasp*, wanted to nuke the US (well, we just wanted to nuke everything but the US).




You can’t either... so why are we even talking about it




Dude it's a shirt 




Trump's dropped time of bombs and had killed a lot of people.






[removed]




Castro is shitty but it's still a fucking tshirt 




I just wear the plain Legend tees to the gym. Dick's usually has them for $19.99. Dunham's in my area for whatever reason usually has them for more even though they are considered a discount store, but they'll do 2 for $30 sales every once in a while. 

Some of their more technical shirts, like compression or the Combat shirts (whatever they call those) are much more, but I have never seen a plain Nike t-shirt for more than $25. I agree that some of their stuff is pricey - some of their shoe lines are crazy expensive, some specialized apparel, and for whatever reason sweatpants are like $50, but their basic stuff is very affordable and much better quality than other brands in that price range. 

EDIT - Also just checked Eastbay, Nike Core short sleeve plain shirts are $15 regular price, ships free. Never tried those though since I'm not a fan of working out in 100% cotton.




Yeah I was about to say you can get Nike stuff for nothing at Ross.




You’re on your feet constantly and good socks are a lot more comfortable. Spend money where you spend your time.

Buy a nice mattress, buy nice shoes, buy nice socks.




Yea and $20 for a t-shirt...no thanks.




Damn dude, you are really missing out. Socks are one of the few things I am willing to spend money on. Nothing feels better than a $20 pair of socks.




You can get good basketball shoes for $10. Starbury shoes are great. 




[deleted]




In 2001 I was sitting in a little town called Gapan in the Philippines.  It is locally known that that is where shoes are made. Primarily but not exclusively Nike’s.  I sat down and talked to an old woman and her 7-8 year old grandson.  She was making the very distinctive  sides panels of some nikes and then handing them to her grandson who was glueing the soles together with rubber cement.  He would glue one together, quickly put it in a plastic bag and then hold it up to his face and take a hit of the fresh glue.  He was so high he couldn’t talk or stand.  But he just kept gluing air Jordan’s together all day and most of the night.  I’m pretty sure he was functionally brain damaged.  I’m a full grown and pretty hardened soldier but it completely gutted me. She told me she made just under a dollar for every pair that they made.  But if they weren’t just right that the company charged them for the waste of material.  It was about the most bleak existence I have ever witnessed. 

2 years ago I worked private security at an event that phil knight attended with a bunch of other billionaires. They all sat around and brokered power deals with each other.  It was all contracted to be very confidential and secretive. And occasionally someone would give a little presentation about some new miracle medical procedure they were trying to get some funding for or their cause-de-jour and they would all pretend to care. But when the P.R. machine shut down for the night all you could smell was greed.  It was nauseating. All I could think about was the kid in the Philippines getting back charged by that guy for the glue he was huffing. 

Honesty I believe in capitalism. And I believe that the value can be brought to other countries through trade.  But they have to bear some responsibility for it too.  I have zero doubt that everyone in the founding and executive team of Nike knows full well that this is happening. There is plenty of room in the margins of a $180 pair of shoes that cost $1-3 to make to be decent human beings.  They just actively choose not to. 




You could argue that, and you would be correct. 




I'm pointing out that a morally corrupt company has used marketing to convince consumers that it is a moral company. It is smart capitalism right there. They have used millionaire spoke people that are seen as hard done by while employing nearly slave labor. 

I'm a socialist so I am definitely seeing that this isn't a black or white discussion.




Have you ever been on a golf course? Plenty of old fat people wear Nike gloves, shirts, shoes, use Nike balls etc. Just like plenty of young fat people wear Jordon’s. 




That’s still not what I asked. I wanted to know if you thought we should have kids working in sweatshops, not whether or not it should be possible. 




What did he say to cause you to label him a racist?




A tankie using whataboutism? I'm shocked, just *shocked*!




Ok, would you say the same thing about someone wearing a Stalin t-shirt?




I heard this adage something along the lines of: ‘don’t scrimp on what separates you from the ground,’ meaning shoes, mattress, tires.

Good times.




My life improved a lot once I started living this way. The mattress is especially important, but nice socks are definitely worth it.




I remember enjoying and buying dress socks a lot and when I was a young guy with a ton of cash working in midtown - I would buy socks at lunch like every day for fun... But now I already have so many. Maybe I do like socks, it’s just that I don’t need to buy any more. Edit: I like awesome thin socks, but not crazy thermal heater tube socks. 




Except they’re definitely less comfortable and breathable than good basketball shoes and they look pretty dorky.




I was responding to your statement of "who said we." and nothing more.




I am a cynic as well, but I feel its a overtly strong opinion to judge Nike as a morally corrupt company when they are not even close to the worst corporation in terms of doing horrible things.

What people need to step back and see is that the people behind the "Marketing" dept. have NEVER made a decision related to wages in Thailand, China, etc. They never made the workplace standards, they never hired any of these workers. Nike is a huge company, and theres most likely someone, or a group of people that believed in Colin Kapernick's message and was able to sell it off as a profitable idea. SOMEBODY who only thinks about profits would not come up with the idea to use Colin Kapernick as a spokesperson.

I believe you also have a very rigid view on the working conditions in these factories too. These are developing economies where its common to work 16 hours a day as a farmer, craftsmen, miner, etc. The only difference is that working in the factory pays a real income, which they would only get pennies working for someone local.

That doesn't mean its not bad. It is from our perspective in the first world, but they already have a way better situation than we did during the industrial revolution.




It isn’t about being fat. As long as someone is trying to become fit, they can wear their Nikes, Filas, Adidas, Pumas, UnderArmours, or whatever, with pride. It is the fat between the ears that is so unattractive.




if it's allowed it's not my call to make those decisions.




He dared present a contrasting statement




Nothing. When /u/preserved_fish saw the sentence "people barely above the poverty line, with a dozen pairs of $300 sneakers in their otherwise decrepit apartment.", his mind went to people of a different race than his.

I think *somebody* is projecting.




Ay man if you rag on people who like JFK and Castro equally I got no problems.

And tankie, lol...quite the opposite.




Ya man I don't get to worked up over tshirts 




Title: 
Nike's Kaepernick ad spurs spike in sold out items

Comments: 
This company cares about civil rights!  I am going to go buy their shoes that some lady in a third-world county making 80 cents an hour made to support civil rights!




Conservative boycotts are toothless.




Did they analyze the actual products that were sold out? Sure, Nike may have sold out some items relating to Kaep, but they also sold out a bunch of shit that is limited quantity and was going to sell out regardless of this ad. 

Also, can we stop acting as if we know the outcome of said ad a week after it aired. In 6 months, we may have some idea of the impact. We don't know shit right now.




[deleted]




Turning rebellion into money! 




Voted for Trump.  
  
Kaepernick is a super effective protester.  That's why people get so worked up about him.  He's a slap in the face of the American National Myth, a resounding challenge to our self-image.  
  
But you know what?  
  
That slight is well deserved.  If it burns your ego to hear someone say Kaepernick is right, I hope it really gets your goat.  If injustice is not worth protesting, nothing is.  Anyone who's read the Bible knows that there are times you shouldn't stand/kneel during the mass ritual designed to reinforce one's loyalties.
  





[deleted]




I have no problem with Nike supporting Kapernick the problem is the people too foolish to see that Nike would support white supremacists if that made them more money instead. 




How to get woke anti capitalists to buy your products and then post about it on social media, giving you even more advertising. 




Nike generates a significant portion of it's revenue from black people, over 50%. Them supporting Kaepernick is a very effective long term marketing strategy and Nike is catering to their clientele. A $135B company doesn't make controversial moves like that because of kindness of heart, it was a completely calculated marketing decision. 

Nike can take the hit from the lost revenue of a 52 white man that buys his Nike Air Max once every three years meanwhile the market they're interested in buys multiple pair of $100 basketball or athletic sneakers generally multiple times per year. 




Knee pads?




I find this incredible. I remember a day when a huge mega profitable multinational that has used sweat shop labour couldn’t just become cool in the eyes of millions of leftists over night by paying someone millions to represent them. Just how shallow have the left become? Do young people not think for themselves anymore. And when did the young become so conformist.




Guess the advertisement worked, good to see your new pair of 200 dollar shoes are going to fix inequality in america. Not sure who’s stupider at this point, those boycotting or those buying.




Nike doesn't even care about America because they don't even make their products in the U.S as they are too greedy.






I heard a brief story on the radio about this from an ad-analytics perspective where they claimed that Nike data-mined their customer database and determined that their customers were primarily minorities and liberals, and that this ad campaign was designed to endear the brand to their customers and to take advantage of the country's broadening divisiveness. In other words, they don't care if their ad campaign further fractures the country's cohesiveness if it makes them a few extra bucks. The ad expert also said that we can expect MORE of this from corporations going forward because of Nike's success. The bottom line is that companies are trying to profit from the current climate and I would not surprised if companies try to spur on more divisiveness which is kind of evil. 




I hope Trump slaps a 200% tax on shoes and clothing made in 3rd world sweatshops and brings those jobs back home. Nike and the Dems would really hate that.




...no matter the sacrifice.




seems very reminiscent of how things went with dick's sporting goods when they announced all the kinds of guns they were going to no longer sell.

they had an initial backlash from people who regular bought from them, a spike from people who didn't buy from them normally but were sympathetic towards their cause, and then later in the year sales were in the shitter.

nike is currently at stage 2 of the 3 stages.




Wait, Nike makes spurs now?




Saw a guy in a CK jersey fighting with a homeless man on the subway today. 




That's fine, didn't care for their business practices before the ad either.




It's not the 90's anymore. Nike went through a big change since those stories surfaced.

>In many ways, Nike has become even more transparent than its competitors about its labor practices, publishing a 108-page report revealing conditions and pay in its factories and acknowledging widespread issues, as well as a complete list of factories it contracted with.

>To this day, Nike continues to publish public reports of conditions in its factories.

https://www.businessinsider.com/how-nike-fixed-its-sweatshop-image-2015-6

Whatever you're commenting from was almost certainly made in worse conditions than Nike shoes.




Nike actually spent a lot of effort to clean up its act on that front.

https://www.businessinsider.com/how-nike-fixed-its-sweatshop-image-2015-6

Then, when they try to do another public good and support a black man protesting police violence, redditors with a history of supporting Trump are suddenly super concerned about sweatshops.

Give me a fucking break, dude.




He types on his computer made by slave labour 




Oh for fuck's sake. Really reaching for the hypocrisy here...




If they all are absolute garbage for human rights (they are) I would prefer the ones who are garbage for human rights and at least are also actively spurning racist assholes.




So do you, like, sit in the forest naked, making posts on Reddit with your mind or something? Teach me your ways, O most revered monk.




Profit is how free market economies measure success. Last I saw, their stock was up 31%. Seems like a smart business decision that I bet more companies try to emulate. 




so apparently they turned the sweatshop things around from what I was told by people on the internet.




It's almost universally agreed upon by global economists that sweat shops are good though.  Would it be great to pay everyone more money and give them a better life, sure, but it's not feasible. 




You still boycotting Chik-fil-A?  




Especially when the ones complaining weren't nike customers in the first place.   Or like when they yell to boycott a movie because Jesus.   The movie sells out even though it sucks for different reasons.   There's a lot of independent US people.  US isn't just far-left far-right.  Hell I'm usually for whatever ticks off the extreme of either group.




I don't think the effects of a boycott against a product that lasts for years would show up within a few weeks. 




Liberal boycotts lack meat based proteins. 




We know their online sales jumped by 31% after they unveiled the Kaepernick ad.


https://www.marketwatch.com/story/nikes-online-sales-jumped-31-after-company-unveiled-kaepernick-campaign-2018-09-07




People on both sides of the "culture war" are taking the relative success/failure of Nike's Kaep campaign as a reflection on whether or not their side is winning.

When Nike's stock dropped a bit the next day, T_D people were posting a bunch of news stories about it (even though Adidas stock dropped a comparative amount so it was mostly just the market). Now, with sales spiking, /r/politics people are posting a bunch of news stories about it.

EDIT: It's a really weird thing to get defensive about. I support Kaepernick, but I don't really give a shit about the Nike campaign.




Its definitely like people shoes!




New Balance is the official sneaker of white supremacy.




Citation needed. 




Capitalism and systemic racism are two separate topics.




U sound like a grumpy old dude. I'm totally loitering on ur lawn later




All Apple had to do was put out a commercial pretending everyone not buying their products were sheeple.

Regardless, Nike are above average for their labor practices these days. It's not the 90's anymore.

I still don't buy Nike though, just because I prefer other brands.




Is music too loud these days? Should Elvis stop shaking his hips? 




The whole dumb thing grew out of control because Trump decided to escalate it. The dumbass just can't stop punching down.




That is exactly how I predict things will pan out too. An unsustainable burst of sales from those on one side of a very divisive issue. The key words being ‘unsustainable’ and ‘divisive’. It looks to me like they have alienated millions of potential customers for an unsustainable sales spike. But I’m afraid your comment has been down voted by people who don’t like reason or logic or evidence and aren’t big on facts or logic or evidence if it contradicts their delusional herd like movement’s twisted ideals.




Is it also bad to say that I often divorce an idea from its source? 

The double edged sword is that Nike's ad campaign is less effective on me for the fact. But overall I just celebrate the idea for its own sake and don't care if it came from Nike, Satan, or a talking tree. 




The report admits to widespread problems, particularly in Nike's Asian factories. The company said it audited hundreds of factories in 2003 and 2004 and found cases of "abusive treatment", physical and verbal, in more than a quarter of its south Asian plants.
Between 25% and 50% of the factories in the region restrict access to toilets and drinking water during the workday.
The same percentage deny workers at least one day off in seven.





>Then, when they try to do another public good

Don't get fooled. They are trying to make money, not "do another public good". They're still trying to keep us consuming more and more regardless of the climate, regardless of anything other than having more cash at the end of the day.

These huge businesses are an integral part of why Mr. K felt the need to kneel in the first place. 




I was concerned about sweatshops and I don't support Trump. Not that it really matters, but just thought you should know we exist. 




"The report admits to widespread problems, particularly in Nike's Asian factories. The company said it audited hundreds of factories in 2003 and 2004 and found cases of "abusive treatment", physical and verbal, in more than a quarter of its south Asian plants.

Between 25% and 50% of the factories in the region restrict access to toilets and drinking water during the workday.

The same percentage deny workers at least one day off in seven."

Yay for effort!  That is from a source of your source.

I have a history of supporting Trump?  First, why does that matter?  Second, I don't support Trump.  Man, you sank very low there!

Edit: As of right now, your last 4 posts are bashing Trump supports (well, 3, since I am not one).  You need to chill.  




My Logitech keyboard isn't pretending to be a champion of civil rights.




The individual consumer is trapped in this capitalist economy. There is almost no way out so to imply someone's a ~~hippodrome~~ hypocrite for simply existing within their society is bad faith.

You can critique capitalism as a system while still being trapped inside of it. Your comment just stifles discussion and keeps the status quo. Not cool man. 




[Clearly, your logic is flawless](https://images.dailykos.com/images/299172/story_image/Gotcha.png?1473798350)




The shoes are made by slaves though. 




Yeah... kind of my point.




"You dislike sexism and racism? Me too! Buy my new product now!"




It's more that every other company does the same or worse, so Nike doesn't really stand out anymore. 




I don't think they have. They've faced criticism for decades and as far as I know, have continued to improve but it isn't entirely solved. 

Also, 80 cents an hour? Ha! At one point, their average weekly wage for a factory worker was $1.25. 




Oh, not arguing that.  I am just pointing out the irony in these commercials. 




Only on Sundays 




Don't forget Hobby Lobby. 




What about boycotting in-n-out since they give to the republicans and they believe in jesus.  Jesus, all these dumb boycotts.  I'm gonna enjoy all the chik-fil-a I want because their chicken is so damn juicy.  Also, no amount of giving to anti-gay activities is going to stop the gays.  humanity is changing.  If we don't change, we die.




does it count as boycotting if i've never gone to begin with?




Chic-Fil-A walked back their stance years ago. Cathy even stated in a TV interview that he was told not to take sides/pick a side/something to that effect.

The boycott was still a dumb idea, but CFA did react to it and while they didnt change anything at the ground level, they changed things at the PR/public image level. 

Essentially...they partially caved. 

Edit: Since people clearly forgot.

Chick-fil-A released a statement in July 2012 stating, "Going forward, our intent is to leave the policy debate over same-sex marriage to the government and political arena." - https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chick-fil-A_same-sex_marriage_controversy

Cathy said he'd shut up about it -https://www.forbes.com/sites/clareoconnor/2014/03/19/chick-fil-a-ceo-cathy-gay-marriage-still-wrong-but-ill-shut-up-about-it-and-sell-chicken/




Conservatives tell me I'm a brain washed liberal and liberals tell me I sound like a conservative.  Guess that means I'm a moderate.




I have always thought that Million Moms was actually a group of Target executives because everytime they announce a boycott of Target for bathroom policy or whatever sales go through the roof. /s

 Or maybe Million Moms were all shopping at Walmart already.  




Conflating all liberals as vegan certainly helps what ever case you were trying to defend by resorting to ad hominem snarky comments.




Their short term sales jumped, yes. This is also the time school is getting back in session, the largest sport in the world is returning (ane Nike makes a lot of apparel for), American sports are returning. Nike is releasing new silhouettes and matching apparel for signature athletes (new Lebrons, KDs, etc). This is a good time to simply buy Nike gear.

We don't know any long term ramifications. Large buy groups are no represented (if the police make large Nike buys and boycott, it might not be felt until we are in Q1, for example). I am just saying this idea that the ad was killing Nike and now is saving Nike is a bit overblown. We won't know the effects, or at least have a much better idea, until enough time has passed to see how they continue on. 

Now, I don't think this is going to hurt them. Their actual TV ad was pretty good, imo. I don't think Kaep sacrificed everything, so the slogan is a bit strange, but that about where my interest in it ends. 




I would also like to add that, whatever your opinion on Kaep and the kneeling, Nike makes a damn good pair of US militarily authorized combat boots. When the original model came out it was extremely popular with the troops(soooo comfortable), until it was discovered that it actually failed one of the many stipulations for safety and became unauthorized for wear in uniform. Within 6 months Nike fixed the problem put out a pair that met every guideline, and was even doing exchanges for people who had purchased them during the transition period. 




[deleted]




They don't think it be like it is, but it shoe.




The next pair of shoes I buy are going to be people shoes.




Why don't more shoes come in wide sizes?




Is NB, dare I say it, /ourshoe/?




Now that made me laugh out loud. Fools downvoting me for stating Nike doesn't care about anything other than their $$ and using a social issue to make more of it. Sheep everywhere 




Yeah, but if Trump supporters don't conflate the two, how are they going to spin this into a win?




I wouldn't be too sure about that, Looks like a company profiting off of racism to me.




it would be hard not to be well aware of that at this point, but no one’s winning except nike right now




I 100% agree. I don't care about the Nike campaign. I just support Kaepernick's message. I just hate seeing people trying to dismiss the message by bringing up labor conditions they don't actually care or know about the same way they tried to pretend his kneeling was trying to offend the military/country.




15 years ago?




Technically he is part of the problem. 




Oblig Donald Trump is a coward and Paul Manafort is a convicted felon that has flipped on trump and will lead to more indictments bc mueller is a Fucking badass.  




Good thing it's not Steel Series.




Neither are you.




I mean that isn't really arguing against it. It's more making fun of that sort of people that try to point out the hypocrisy.




Oh god, the false equivalence really makes me cringe. The difference is that the first person is using a product of a brand. The third panel shows a general statement that applies to all brands, like Ford or Toyota, and not a single brand, like the first panel with Apple.

Also the last panel is completely stupid.....if you participate in society, you can(try to)improve it, so it doesn't make sense at all.

In other words, it's a pretty bad comic.




Citation needed.




You would be wrong.

>In many ways, Nike has become even more transparent than its competitors about its labor practices, publishing a 108-page report revealing conditions and pay in its factories and acknowledging widespread issues, as well as a complete list of factories it contracted with.

>To this day, Nike continues to publish public reports of conditions in its factories.

https://www.businessinsider.com/how-nike-fixed-its-sweatshop-image-2015-6

Whatever you're commenting from was almost certainly made in worse conditions than Nike shoes.




from what I was told the sweatshop issues was back in the 90s and they made changes mid 2000s, I'm sure it's not perfect but they do their audits and make sure that the factory are in good condition and stuff.






We must send them the sign of no




Don't forget your I \[heart\] artifact smuggling tee while you're there.




Just because one loud person is yelling doesn't mean anyone is listening.




Stop the gays! Never heard that before. Stop the gays from what?




The only overt thing In and Out does is put "John 3:16" in discrete locations of it's packaging. They know better than to be closed on any day of the weekend. They can donate to what ever nutcases they want to. And yes some of us are still 'boycotting' Chik-fil-A if you want to call it that because their chicken is no better than McDonald's and McDonald's is a burger joint. Get chicken right and maybe I'll go there.




The CEO used his own money to oppose gay marriage. The company had no stance. 




>We don't know any long term ramifications. 

That's a whole lot of words to take credit away from some obvious metrics. If you wanna compare long term then compare it against the same period for the last 10 years. 




Yikes.  Cringy.




Wear Nike socks. It cancels out the racism.   ^/s




If anything, they're profiting off supporting someone taking a stand against racism.

They have been paying Kaepernick for a while.

https://twitter.com/darrenrovell/status/1036697374452867072?lang=en




FWIW I think they just wanted to dismiss it anyway because a dude kneeling is their personal boogeyman.




It was your source...




He is indeed. 




I hope so.




I know...




Did you read the report or any criticism of it? Sure, they are being transparent, but it is still rife with issues. They aren't this basition of human rights and insanely profitable. Nike cares for human rights all the way up until it costs them money. And, that isn't just Nike. We're talking pretty much every business.

> Whatever you're commenting from was almost certainly made in worse conditions than Nike shoes.

Ah, whataboutisms are great! And certainly the holocaust had worse conditions than any Nike factory; we should just ignore it! 




And, I think they came out and said the audits and high level management visibility of issues wasn't really helping. They also funded a bullshit study that "showed" a large portion of their factory workers were happy with the supervisors or some other nonsense. 




As recently as 2009 workers in Haiti were still being paid 31 cents an hour.




You know stop the gays from gayin 




you know....stop them from gaying it all up in this motherfucker.  Whatever that means.




I think the boycott is unnecessary.  Giving money to reverse progression isn't going to make regression happen.




Chick-fil-A released a statement in July 2012 stating, "Going forward, our intent is to leave the policy debate over same-sex marriage to the government and political arena." - https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chick-fil-A_same-sex_marriage_controversy

So they released that statement for no reason? K. 

Cathy walked it back as well - https://www.forbes.com/sites/clareoconnor/2014/03/19/chick-fil-a-ceo-cathy-gay-marriage-still-wrong-but-ill-shut-up-about-it-and-sell-chicken/

Its extremely naive to think the company had no stance when Cathy was so involved in the day-to-day and made public statements as the owner. If you think the company had nothing to do with it, then you should be surprised that they had to distance themselves from Cathy's original comments. 

Even Cathy disagrees with you: "Cathy admitted his anti-equality stance probably wasn’t a wise business decision, regretting “making the company a symbol in the marriage debate”."

He didnt do that just by donating. That kicked it off but he made comments that made it worse and made the company that symbol; also fueled by the fact that hes the owner and founder. 




He took a neutral position on long term effect of the advertisement based on his aforementioned (seasonal) factors affecting sales.  

As a rule, the short-term and the long-term effects of advertising are studied not in isolation but as a part of the overall marketing picture. (Harvard Business)




Nike's favourability amongst all demographics fell significantly, with the favorability among republicans falling into the negatives. Once the reactionary buying of their products stop Nike's sales should drop.




[deleted]




Yes, and you decided to quote a paragraph about what was happening 15 years ago and ignored the rest.




You do realize that the conditions of Nike's factories is the original whataboutism that I'm addressing? If the working conditions of Nike's factories are in line and actually above average for the industry, your attempt to attack it is just a clear deflection.




I would like to see independent audits, but honestly, I haven't brought any nike products since the 90s.. 

so yeah.




True but it's going to hurt -some- people.




Perhaps not, but giving money to supporters of reverse progression is only going to bolster their beliefs and try all the harder to make regression happen... And I think it's better to say that Boycotts don't really work at all no matter who's doing it. The moment word gets around that's free advertising.




Right. Their CEO did something that was perfectly legal, and the company said "don't blame us." He wasn't even a major shareholder.




Sorry I won't criticize your source.  Lol




You didn't, you cherry picked the source to fit your needs without looking at the entirety of it 




It was his source! Are you getting triggered I chose a quote from 2004 when his source was 2005?!




Are you seriously this stubborn? 




It was 2015?




Are you seriously this triggered?




Yeah screw sources I will just go with my feelings.  Sorry.




Correct, but it referenced a report from 2005.  I shouldn't have necessarily said "his source."  






Original :D




Yes, you've made that very clear. 




Shhhh calm down, damn.




Can I have some of that kool-aid?




Sure thing. I'll make sure to swap out the sugar with salt when I make it, just for you. 




Title: 
Nike purchases banned for Kenner, LA recreation programs

Comments: 
The mayor of a city decided that the city recreation department and booster clubs operating at city recreation facilities will boycott Nike.  Is this his decision to make?  




"Every little increase in human freedom has been fought over ferociously between those who want us to know more and be wiser and stronger, and those who want us to obey and be humble and submit." 

-  Phillip Pullman





Oh man..I hope Nike will be OK. Someone take Phil Knight out of his pool filled with hundred dollar bills and put him on suicide watch




Lmao.

I dont want to hear any of these people say shit about liberals who get upset about bakeries not wanting to bake cakes for gay people. This is the same type of fallout.




So more in millions of free advertising... genius move Nike.  Long $NKE.




Please. Kenner doesn’t spend shit on athletic equipment. 




Thought headline referred to Los Angeles. Head exploded. 




“I say, I say..I Declare Kenner to be Nike *FREE*” 




Nike doesn't give a fuck. 




All over a sponsored athlete who did nothing but protest. The sweatshops, slave labour and endorsement of abusive, violent and 'problematic' celebrity in the past and even present wasn't an issue. Sponsoring a non-violently protesting athlete who put his money and life where his mouth is is the problem.

America is a joke.




What a bunch of snowflakes.




"Idiot mayor of town few have heard of makes stupid unilateral decision regarding athletic equipment, displaying his ignorance and racism for all to see, more at eleven."




The city of Kenner was literally founded [on the ground of three plantations](https://www.kenner.la.us/pages/section_2_9.asp). In fact, you can still [visit one of them](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ashland_Plantation) today! Better wear Reeboks tho.




Regardless of whether you disagree with this or not, I can guarantee you the same Reddit borg that heavily applauds it when similar actions are taken by states and officials with which they agree, will somehow ignore their own double standards. Whooooosh... 

In other words, when the governor California or the city of San Francisco makes a law disallowing their officials to spend money on North Carolina because of their transgender law, then it's 100% legit. 

But the mayor of some town in Louisiana pulls the exact same stunt, then it's time to tar and feather this Nazi. Even if the majority of his constituents agree with his decision. 






Goddamn never thought I'd see my hometown on here.




I would buy Nike shoes to support them but I have wide feet that only comfortably fit New Balance shoes.




It must get really thirsty in the backwoods.




Yes, the mayor of a city can choose what equipment that cities recreation facilities can purchase.




You know, they are an all white board and THEY determine what the residents should believe in.




“We can’t be consumed by our petty differences anymore. We will be united in our common interests. Perhaps it’s fate that today is the 4th of July and you will once again be fighting for our freedom. Not from tyranny, oppression, or persecution, but from annihilation. We’re fighting for our right to live, to exist.”

     •   Bill Pullman




Go ahead and explain the similarities.




Wait.  What?  The government got involved now with Nike?




/r/wallstreetbets pay attention




This whole thing has been incredibly opportunistic. Piss off an older group that generally doesn't purchase athletic gear, make it look like your company is struggling because of it, have all these young people (who tend to by athletic gear) swoop in and defend their social values by buying the newest Swoosh gear, all while making your brand look "progressive".

Shareholders win, and sweatshops up quotas.




Protesting over a thing that literally everyone should be siding with him on. 




So you’re not allowed to protest in response to a protest? Is a protest only allowed if you agree with it?




Snowflakes are beautiful.  This is the action of a butthurt pile of muddy slush. 




Eh the mayor is an idiot but Kenner isn't some podunk town It a suburb of New Orleans. 




Might be a stupid decision but how does it make him racist?




Boycotting Nike is not racist.




Just a quick correction. Kenner was not founded on the ground of the Ashland Plantation. Kenner is located in Jefferson Parish and the Ashland Plantation is located in Ascension Parish. Also, pointing out that a town along the Mississippi River was founded on a plantation is essentially calling water wet.




Yes, and MLK and the KKK were doing the same thing, marching for their cause.


If you are okay with one, but get upset at the other, you are a bigot. /s







It’s a suburb of New Orleans...brah




a mayor of a city can formally state that a company can't do business in his town for 100% purely political reasons?

That seems like it could run afoul of the Constitution




Yes and No.

Municipalities in developed countries will have by-laws, policies, and standards they have to follow. Generally, they need to, whenever possible, use a non-biased bidding process to buy things.

For small values, the rules are relaxed but there are conflict of interest provisions and some checks and balances. 

For larger initiatives they may need approval from council and a bidding process.

For large purchases, they will for sure need a transparent bidding process.

This is to ensure that purchases are made for the public good, and not for political and corruption purposes. 

That being said, governments can make rules about who they can and can't purchase from. They are guided by municipal and state level ethics and values codes and legislation. 

However, if you really want to, there's usually a way to achieve something like this. The bureaucratic implementation of it might be a bit funky though. All that to say, technically, I don't think its fair to say the Mayor can just unilaterally make this decision and it happens. There will probably need to be some by-laws put in place like the "Supporting our troops purchasing by-law". As long as the local representatives agree, its essentially "the people" who are imposing that restriction on their tax dollars and therefore a decision that is in keeping with democratic principles. Because if the people of Kenner actually support Nike but Mayor and council don't, then they'll be voted out. If they do support the Mayor, no problemo. 

You can read the Kenner LA municipal purchasing policy here. 

http://www.kenner.la.us/2/Purchasing_Procedures_Rev._05.2015.pdf




That is not true, the mayor made the directive, the city council did not know about this in advance and are planning a discussion about it.




yes, the literal head of our government is spearheading this entire thing.  Have you not been paying attention to his constant whining about kneeling, his insisting that people who kneel should be fired, his multiple tweets about how awful Nike is...?




It's literally the subject of the article.




yes, the mayor (head of the town's government) is forbidding a company from doing business with his town for purely political reasons.

That's really bad.




Best part is it makes the football kneeing thing a paid gimmick for corporations. 




That's what I thought from the get. Nike doesn't give a rip about social/political issues. They know the demographics of their customers and it's why they did this in the first place. There is nothing altruistic about Nike. 




Nike is the biggest shoe company in the world probably. Nobody thought or thinks their company is struggling. Nike has been progressive leaning for their entire existence.




In this case, protesting this particular protest reeks of ignorance and racism.  One protest presents an agreed upon moral and humane message to a majority of the country (hell, the world,) the other is a bunch of douches burning piles of $60+ sneakers like it's going to accomplish anything.




What, exactly, do you think a podunk town is?




It doesn't.  One can literally boycott Nike for any stupid reason they want to.  They can boycott over their near slave labor overseas for example.

It's context here that matters.  It could be a coincidence the mayor is suddenly protesting Nike so soon after sponsoring Kaepernick in their ads, but then his sense of timing and awareness of current events is beyond shitastic.




No, it is not racist. However the reasoning behind it is. Thanks for playing.




Either incredibly naive or racist.





As to your second point: It may be normal for towns to be so connected to the history of slavery in that part of America, but I don't think that makes it irrelevant to the issue of Nike & Kaepernick's protest. Quite the opposite, I'd say.




You're right, Kenner is founded on the Belle *Grove* Plantation, not the the Ashland (or Belle *Helene*) Plantation. According to the City of Kenner's history page, ["1840's -- The Kenner sons acquired Oakland, Belle Grove and Pasture Plantations, which represented all of present day City of Kenner."](https://www.kenner.la.us/pages/section_2_9.asp)




I'm really confused here...

I think you're agreeing with me, but are just confused between actual logic and the typical virtual signaling the hive mind promotes. 






He didn't ban them from doing business in his town. He just wont use city dollars buy nike equipment for city funded facilities.




I think it is more of a grey area. For instance, there was a headline today of a food truck that refuses to serve police officers in Detroit. If the city council previously used that service to cater events and decided not to after they declared their anti-police bias, I would be ok with that.




Somebody just needed some attention...




Corporations like to follow trends (even if they made them themselves). An optimist would say this is progress because it reflects "the will of the market", which can be related to "the will of the people". If Nike wants to sponsor something I agree with, more power to them, I ain't gonna fight it.




I don't know who downvotes comments like your and the original commenter. Do some people really think Nike is altruistic? They produce mediocre quality products, which sell simply because of really smart marketing. I had the opportunity to shop in their employee store, where most of the markup is removed from the price. It's amazing to see how much their stuff is marked up, and I still didn't buy anything...

Edit: not that it matters, but I also think boycotting is purely a pandering move and is pretty far removed from anything logical, just playing to the fears/angers of a base, you know political marketing




I think kaepernick is ignorant and misinformed. I wouldn’t burn a shoe because of him though. You see I would venture to guess that the vast majority of people that don’t agree with him aren’t burning anything. There is middle ground.




It means tiny town in the middle of nowhere.

Kenner is one of the 5 largest cities in Louisiana, has 70,000 people and is the home of New Orleans International airport




*The terms podunk or Podunk Hollow in American English denotes or describes an insignificant, out-of-the-way, or fictitious town. It is often used in the upper case as a placeholder name, to indicate insignificance and lack of importance.*

-Wikipedia

A city with a population of almost ~~100~~ 70k is absurdly beyond that.

What did you think it meant?




How so?




Expecting people to respect the flag is racist now?  (Incidentally, accusing someone in a discussion of "playing" pretty much means you don't know what you're doing.)




Without a doubt a town's history affects those that live there today. However, I don't think it's extremely relevent in this scenario since we're seeing this type of ignorance all over, regardless of if the town was founded on plantations or not. I think it's more productive to directly point out the hypocrisy of the act itself, not the land a town was built on generations ago. 




He COULDNT say my company can't buy Nike since he couldn't possibly monitor that.  

What he had the power to do is say that Nike can't be used by his town (not "in" his town, my mistake but enough with the semantics)

A government can't do that.  Just like a government can't say they aren't going to buy from a Muslim owned business.  Government is not allowed to do that




a private company can decide to make decisions on who they do business for purely political reasons.  That's protected 1st amendment political thought (the same reason why a Baker can't be forced to make a cake for a couple that says congratulations on your wedding)

Can a government make decisions on who they work with for purely political reasons?  That's where the violation of the constitution may exist.

The Constitution (and specifically the 1st amendment) was written  in a way so that GOVERNMENT can't use its power to drown out opposing political opinion.  That's exactly what is going on here.




Companies as big as Nike have sophisticated marketing departments. They know how they’re going to land before they jump. And honestly I wasn’t trying to single out Nike it’s just ridiculous to think that a company like Nike is anything but profit driven. I’m also not saying making a profit or being money motivated is inherently bad. If ppl want to believe in the spirit of Nike lol I got no qualms with that either. You do you ppl.




You’re describing most clothing/retail sales.




> I don't know who downvotes comments like your and the original commenter. 

People paid by Nike to download negative comments on Reddit.




Ignorant and misinformed about taking a knee during the national anthem at the suggestion of military personnel for the unequal treatment and statistically recognized higher incarceration rate of minorities by authorities?

...Sure.  I can see how someone might be ignorant and misinformed about that.




Huh,  TIL. Always thought msy was in metarie. Thanks




The population of Kenner is not one-hundred thousand people. It *might be* about seventy thousand.




Before I answer that question in earnest, I must assess if you are genuine....... Answer me this question and I will reply honestly:

Why do you think some Football players kneel during the National Anthem? 

I ask this as an infantry veteran, and die-hard believer in my Oath of Enlistment. I have engaged the enemies of the US in active ground combat for these beliefs...

So please, tell me why the players kneel. Then I will gladly explain why those who disagree with them are racist.

I'll even give you a hint:

https://www.nytimes.com/2014/10/19/books/review/just-mercy-by-bryan-stevenson.html




In my opinion, we can't understand any act without understanding history — especially a political act, like this one. To you it might seem like a coincidence that the town that steps into this debate is also founded on plantations and named after a family of [prominent slaveowners](https://minerdescent.com/2013/01/25/stephen-minor-children-unionist-slave-owners/). But I think that says more about the normalization of the legacy of racial inequality in America than anything else. 




A government can absolutely decide who they will contract with to buy city property. Our government does it with raw materials to build/maintain roads, automotive companies for city vehicles, weapons companies for arming the armed forces etc. 




Nike is not a political campaign, they are a shoe/athletic company. No person is being drowned out, Nike is not a person. I would rather see government using businesses that are politically neutral and do not swing one way or the other.




[deleted]




Yeah, I don't think the vast majority of retail companies are altruistic or necessarily promote anything that doesn't have a high likely hood of increasing sales/profits.




Okay, corrected.  Point still stands.




So what you’re getting at is that people that disagree with kaepernick’s protest are racist? 




All I'm saying is that it's not much of an argument given that the entirety of the South, and really most of the U.S. has this shared history. What's the point in adding it a reason for this particular town? I understand the need to know the history, but simply stating a fact does nothing. I live just outside of Kenner, and while it has done some questionable things, and overall I don't think it's comparatively worse than other towns in regards to ignorant policies. I don't think you established a proper correlation here, just simply pointing your finger at the past without any real context.




NOT FOR PURELY POLITICAL REASONS.

For like the 8th time.  

Yes I realize the government can pick between Joe's Carpentry Co and Jim's Carpentry Co for who is going to put the new rugs in Town Hall.

They are even allowed to say "the town is not allowed to use Jim's Carpentry company because they have been shown to do dangerously substandard work and have been caught overbilling."

However if they publicly state "the town is not allowed to use Jim's Carpentry because the owner is Muslim" or "Because the owner is a Conservative Trump supporter" or "because they use Colin Kaepernick as a spokesman".....that's when you get into violations of the Constitution which explicitly forbids the government from making a law with regards to limiting someone else's religion or speech




They are making purchasing decisions based on political reasons.

That's not something government should do. It also may not be something government is allowed to do since it could violate first amendment rights of Nike. 




It was my understanding that Citizens United affirmed  corporate personhood in regards to political speech.




Well if he was banning all goods made in China, then his moral claim about protecting child slave labor may hold water.

But he didn't do that.  Only Nike.  Most every other shoe/clothing company has the same supply chain as Nike.

Companies are protected by the first amendment.  Citizens United, baby.

Though I have no idea what your last sentence is. The Kenner mayor is taking millions from Nike?  Some other mayor?




Where are YOU from that 70,000 is a lot of people?




[Probably not all, but...](http://theweek.com/articles/739277/where-trumps-support-endures)



>**More than anything, what seemed to upset the people I spoke with was the National Football League players who have knelt during the national anthem to protest police brutality and racial inequality.**

>"Shame on them," Del Signore, the catering company owner, said. "These clowns are out there, making millions of dollars a year, **and they're using some stupid excuse that they want equality** — so I'll kneel against the flag and the national anthem?"

>**"You're not a fan of equality?" I asked.**

>**"For people who deserve it and earn it,"** he said. "All my ancestors, Italian, 100 percent Italian, the Irish, Germans, Polish, whatever — they all came over here, settled in places like this, they worked hard and they earned the success that they got. Some people don't want to do that. They just want it handed to them."

>"Like NFL players?" I said.

>"Well," **Del Signore responded, "I hate to say what the majority of them are...."**He stopped himself short of what I thought he was about to say.

>Pam Schilling and her husband, however, did not restrain themselves. **"The thing that irritates me to no end is this NFL s---,"** Schilling told me in her living room. **"We do not watch no NFL now."**

>Schilling looked at her husband, Dave McCabe, who's 67 and a retired high school basketball coach. She nodded at me. "Tell him," she said to McCabe, "what you said the NFL is...."

>McCabe looked momentarily wary. He laughed a little. "I don't remember saying that," he said unconvincingly.

>**Schilling was having none of it. The NFL? "N---ers for life," Schilling said.**



When someone protesting racism pisses you off, it might be a sign of something.




Seeings how disagreeing with him is a denial of the *basic fact* that blacks are statistically subjected to harsher treatment than whites even in regards to the same infractions, yes, yes it is racist. It means you claim a lie is true in support of a movement that holds blacks in the same underlying position they've been in for decades... It means you do not value black people as equals to whites because you refute the statistical evidence he kneels to bring attention to. Do you understand this? Disagreeing with his premise (which can be proven) means that you refute the fact that blacks are not treated equally- that is racist as fuck.

I know you're a racist because you intentionally avoided the question because you cannot answer it without sounding like you think black peoples' lives do not matter. I bet you're one of those dog-whistlers who have "blue lives matter" on your back window, and say dumb shit like "he's protesting the anthem and disrespecting our flag!"




There is 0 proof that his motivation is political. There is no evidence that he made this decision based off of the anthem controversy. You cant jump to conclusions and assume the decision is political. If it is strongly suspected that it is for political reasons, good luck proving that with hard evidence.




What if his though is that Nike is just fueling the fire for our political divisions for the sake of selling shoes and has no real interest in the greater good(most likely considering their business practices). Do you object in the same manner to the State of California banning the use of state funds for travel to and expenses in states such as North Carolina and Texas due to "political purposes". 

The mayor or governor is the executive of their respective government and ultimately can determine how dollars are spent. Your example of  a Muslim company is disingenuous because it is a protected class. Political affiliation is not a protected class. In fact the only places it is a protected is California, NY, and DC, which puts the California governor's boycott/ban more at odds with the law than this mayor. 




I don't see how that would change the meaning of the definition.




Okay you clearly have some deeply rooted biases and further than that you are projecting onto me shit that’s simply not true. I can see we are probably not going to have a very productive conversation. I’m done.




Ive got some oceanfront property in North Dakota that I think you’re the guy for!




Well there will be an investigation and he will be asked what his reasons are and it will need to be made evident that it isn't political.   He can't just say "trust me, it's not political"

There is no evidence either way at this point.  He will be compelled to show the evidence.   But that reason can't be "because I disagree with them politically.  That's not allowed for the government




What isn't true? Do you disagree with the kneeling players? That means you refute their premise, right? Given that their premise is a fact based completely on racial identification combined with the supremacy of a statistically white armed police force killing them in regards to that identification, it logically follows that one would be racist to refute it, right? If you are not a racist, then explain how that could be possible without the use of racial identifiers. Or perhaps provide evidence that he is wrong in his premise that blacks are killed or incarcerated unequally from whites for the same crimes... If you cannot and still refute it, sorry kiddo, you're a racist whether you think you are or not, after all- it is for other people (society) to decide who is racist, and all that individual can do is argue to change everyone elses' opinion that was already established.. Frankly, you seem racist because you 'disagree' with known facts on specific racial issues regarding crime and violence. It's up to you to explain otherwise. I told you why... Not my fault if you can't pass the test. 

I await your response... Or go ahead and run away like the cowardly racist you appear to be.




I saw it on Zillow! WOW!




> There is no evidence either way at this point

How about the fact that they make shoes using sweat shops in third world countries. Most people still think its a shitty business practice.  




Well said! This and your other post!




Well then why is he only banning Nike and not ALL GOODS MADE IN CHINA?




Point is that would be a non political reason, albeit hypocritical.

However i would suggest to not attribute motivation to someone without evidence proving the fact.  




Given the timing and the fact that ONLY Nike is mentioned makes it a pretty clear assumption. 

The mayor will need to explain his reasons.  Him just saying "no it's not political, trust me" isn't going to be enough




But stating that its due to working conditions would be placing his decision as a moral argument. unless you saying that a politician can make a concision based solely on they're moral standing.  




Sure. But he's not doing it based on moral decisions about working conditions because Nike is no different than Adidas or Reebok in that area.

It's obvious he's doing it for political/kneeling reasons




So at the end of the day you're attributing motivation to someone without evidence proving the fact.

You know what happens when you assume.





Give LITERALLY ANY OTHER REASON why Nike AND ONLY Nike would be singled out at this time?

Yes, I'm making an assumption. A pretty fucking obvious one.

And since I actually live down here and am following the news about it, it's one that every person here realizes and the mayor is refusing to make any comment about it 




That's not how the legal justice system work.




You communicate..... poorly.  

What isn't how the legal system works?  Especially since the post you are commenting on didn't even mention the legal system.

Government cannot shut down political speech (first amendment).

Companies are protected by the first amendment (citizens United)

Government refusing to do business with a US company for exclusively political reasons (which is what this appears like at this time) is unconstitutional because it is shutting down political speech.

If magically it comes out that this mayor has banned Nike for some other reason and this is just a crazy confidence, then fine.  But he is going to have to state the reason and have it be reasonable.  People here aren't letting it drop




You come off as unhinged with your scream typing, that level of hate can't be healthy. Just wanted to let you know.




Title: 
Man Waves Flag Outside West Little Rock Nike Store, Police Called

Comments: 
Here is the story:

911 operator - "911 What is your emergency?"

Nike Manager - "A man is causing a disturbance."

911 operator - "What is he doing?"

Nike Manager - "Waving a flag"

911 operator - "Anything else?  Just waving a flag?  Is he  harassing anyone?  Threatening anyone?"

Nike Manager - "No but this could escalate"

Few minutes later . .

Police -"We got a call that you were waving a flag"

Unsub - "That would be correct.  I am waving this here blue line flag."

Police - "Are you doing anything else?  Harassing anybody?  Threatening anybody?"

Unsub - "Nope.  Just sitting on my tailgate waving this flag."

Police - "Carry on"

&#x200B;




"So, Nike called the police on the guy supporting the police for supporting the police,"




No! Anything but flags!




> "My priority is supporting law enforcement, firefighters and paramedics.



...who the fuck been protesting firefighters and paramedics?




Someone is protesting the excessive use of force. How can I counter protest? I know! I'll portray support for police as oppositional to protesting excessive force! Brilliant!




"You don't think police should shoot upwards of a thousand people per year? You suck, I support police!"




The nike manager called. What a snowflake.




Oh that reminds me, I need to get some new Nikes. 




The thing is protesting excessive force in general is kinda ignorant.  Its not like anyone supports excessive force.  You don't see people marching in the streets saying MORE POLICE BRUTALITY!!!  America as a whole does not support police brutality, so protesting the flag or the national anthem because of police brutality is just dumb and its divisive too boot causing more problems than it actually solves.

This is not like past civil rights protests where there were actual laws that many people supported kept a race from sitting where they want to on a bus or from drinking form the same water fountain, in cases like that, it would be justified and even make sense, although it would still be divisive and less apt to draw positive attention to your cause.




I mean, if the vast majority of those 1,000 shootings are justified, then yeah.




[deleted]




He just did it. 




I don't know if protesting works anymore anyway, but I do understand at least. No one supports police brutality, but no one really does anything about it either. To be fair, no one really knows what to do about anything. Vote... I guess.

At least kneeling isn't violent. It might be a problem for you, but you don't have to watch them do it.




So, there's a bigger problem with a lack of fealty to patriotic symbols than with disproportionate violence against minorities? I mean as long as it's not explicitly targeted persecution, it must not really be a problem. No matter the actual impact. It's not like the war on drugs was specifically designed to target certain communities or anything. These people exercising their liberties, are the real issue. Obviously.




The systems that we use to determine which shootings are justified are in total disarray and are obviously designed to excuse police violence.

It's asinine to pretend that any time a cop shoots someone it's reasonable just because their equally problematic coworkers said so.




Why would they call the police? Aren't they worried they might shoot somebody?




hes waving a flag in front a nike store, it has fuck all to do with supporting the police 




The dude was protesting an athletic clothing company for hiring an outspoken black athlete, there's nothing particularly pro-police about protesting Nike's decision to hire Kaepernick.




> At least kneeling isn't violent. It might be a problem for you

Its not violent in itself, but it help generate an antagonistic attitude especially by younger black men toward police, which, IMO, is only going to lead to further unnecessary violence.

I have no problem at all with people protesting particular cities where police brutality happens.  Like ZERO, in fact it needs to happen, but to blanket the entire US as not worthy of respect and calling cops pigs and degrading them nationwide is NOT helping the cause.




Yea, no one is saying its a bigger problem, just that its not an effective solution.  Just like ramping up hostility toward the police is not likely to aid in minimizing civilian deaths.

>  I mean as long as it's not explicitly targeted persecution, it must not really be a problem. 

Again, no one is saying its not a problem, just that the method of protesting seems very counterproductive.

>   It's not like the war on drugs was specifically designed to target certain communities or anything. 

Im sure kneeling for the national anthem will be an effective way to protest that as well.  Keep up the good work!

>  These people exercising their liberties, are the real issue.

The fake and trumped up outrage is great!  Again, no one is saying that exercising your liberties is illegal, just that it is divisive and to a lot of people illogical.




I never said *all* police shootings were justified, just the vast majority. It seems like most of the controversial shootings get reported on, and even then there's usually a lot of gray area as far as justification is concerned. It seems pretty rare that a shooting takes place and is obviously unjustified. I can think of maybe 2 such cases this year were it was pretty much a consensus in the reddit thread that the shooting wasn't justified. That's 2 too many, but 2 out of 1000 is not an indication of a massive police shooting problem.

Even just looking at stats bears this out. Over 90% of police shooting "victims" are armed with some type of weapon at the time of the shooting. So even if you assume that *every single case* of a police officer shooting an unarmed person is unjustified, that's still less than 10% of all police shootings that are unjustified.




You could join the police department and make a difference by not shooting people who are shooting at you, I mean hey, sooner or later one of you people are going to have to take a meaningful stand.




[deleted]




Maybe the antagonistic attitude by younger black men is because they are likely to get shot down in the street or beaten black and blue? I don't know, the attitude is probably NOT because NFL players are kneeling. I think you have your chicken and egg mixed up here.




So, there is a problem. It is systemic at the national level. It should be protested. Just not this way. Because, it's not effective.

Unlike the myriad of protests from peaceful to violent, quiet to music, disrupting life to presented in performance over the course of literal decades that have been ignored.

'Cause that first part in isolation seems reasonable, almost constructive. But, in the context of the second part, it kinda seems like another way to silence people protesting injustice.




No, no. We don't use logic here. This is the place for unjustified outrage.




You're cute.  It's a systemic problem which cannot be dealt with be trite suggestions that anyone who notices just become a cop and not participate in it.  

Systemic problems need systemic solutions, and serious temperament instead of simplistic 'why don't you just go be all the cops in the U.S. if you think the outcome of U.S. policing is fatally flawed at the moment?' concern trolling.




None..most likely




Apparently none, but it's wrong to pretend that it was just some impromptu demonstration in support of police.

It was a protest in opposition to their employment of a man who opposes systemic racism and police brutality.  It doesn't make the story as reported any more reasonable, but whitewashing the context of his actions is unnecessary and historically a side effect of serious problems with the national narrative.




> Systemic problems need systemic solutions

Like kneeling for the national anthem?  You're cute.




It's Constitutionally-protected free speech that is objectively respectful and tasteful, whether you agree with the premise behind the protest or not.




Wow, that’s the first time I have heard that. Good one. I suppose the guy supporting the police is also protected by the constitution?  So what is your complaint?




I guess my complaint revolves around the obvious problems with US policing and the way that people like this little bootlicker attack anyone who criticizes police actions, only to have a bunch of weirdos act like it's normal to protest a clothing company for employing a spokesman who is against racist and needless violence.

https://www.thedailybeast.com/oklahoma-police-chief-resigns-over-neo-nazi-ties-gets-job-in-neighboring-police-force

Odd how there are so many specific problems with police in the US, and yet people like you will unquestioningly stand up to bark at people who challenge their misconduct.

Kind of, well, the word for a movement based on repressing criticism of state violence is 'fascist'.




It's weird pre-fascist behavior




By US policing do you mean the federal police or the local police?

>  people like this little bootlicker attack anyone who criticizes police actions

This guy was peacefully exercising his constitutional right to show support for law enforcement.  Its funny how hypocritical you people are.

>  Odd how there are so many specific problems with police in the US, and yet people like you will unquestioningly stand up to bark at people who challenge their misconduct.

Except you are incorrect in your assertions.  I say direct your attacks at the problem and not at police as a whole.  Its idiotic to say that all police are bad.




Title: 
Alabama pastor cuts up Nike gear during sermon

Comments: 
[removed]




So, rather than donate that gear to a family in need of clothing, he decided to make a shitty political statement of the snowflake variety.

If Jesus were real, he'd be furious at what Christianity has turned into.




Mm I love a little nationalism mixed in with my religion.  What could go wrong?




>No one knows or is telling how many multi-million dollars that is going to be simply because he won't stand when the national anthem is sung. America may not be the best country in the world and we have a lot of faults, but I tell you what, a lot of folks died for the sake of what the flag represents.

They also died for his right to not stand. You know, freedom of expression. And what ever happened to the first commandment?




How can such ignorance exist?  The man is bravely protesting against racism and injustice.

The twisted it to being about patriotism. 

Every patriot has the duty to resist all injustice and tyranny. 






Backward hillbilly racist fuckbag




Ugh who cares about some anthem. The anthem doesn't care if you don't stand, you're not going to hurt it's feelings when you kneel. Besides, I think kneeling is more respectful, it takes way more effort than standing.




The only person of color I saw in that video is a 3rd world kid on a poster. Pastor Whitey would dump in his holy trousers if a Black man walked into that den of ignorance. So, throw 2 bits in the second collection so kids in Africa can eat for a day, praise Trump for his courage, call yourself a Christian and move on. Also, it takes a special breed to leave your Christmas trees up year round.




Religion and politics have merged into a single massive glob of hatred and stupidity. 




Right wing crybaby has his feelings hurt and throws a tantrum. In other news, water is wet.




Sounds to me like maybe it's time for Mr. pastor to start paying some taxes. Or, he can feel free to STFU about what anyone is doing around the flag and anthem that I'm funding.




He just wants attention.  Don't give it too him.




What does police brutality have to do with religion 




This type of protesting is moronic. Nike doesn't care if you wear, burn, or cut up their shoes, only that you bought them. Want to protests Nike, **stop buying their shit and giving them media attention you nitwits**




Funny to watch how quickly People will line up on the wrong side of history.




Somebody already paid for the fucking shoes. I’ll never understand how ruining a product that has already been paid for. It’s not like they are taking money out of anyone’s pocket. They are just ruining shoes. 




That pastor should be excommunicated from whatever cult he belongs to. 




This ad campaign is a home run for Nike. So much word of mouth and everyone has an opinion. The political aspects completely overshadow the fact that Nike is [a terrible](https://www.bizjournals.com/portland/blog/threads_and_laces/2014/05/how-much-do-nike-contract-factory-workers-get-paid.html) [company](https://web.stanford.edu/class/e297c/trade_environment/wheeling/hnike.html) that only exists [to make profit.](https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2018/sep/06/colin-kaepernick-nike-activism-capitalism-nfl)

&#x200B;

But now, everyone has an opinion, when what we need to be asking is whether we should let a major corporation with a spotty history use political pandering to infer that it is on the right side of social change. 




As the bible says: "Get all up in Caesar's business." 




Sounds like the man of God is just a racist and nationalist scumbag, pushing fake patriotism, and even that, what does patriotism has to do with religion? What’s next parishioners and pastor at church celebrating with guns in the air?




What? Is he Satan or something?




Pastor could have donated that stuff to charity.




I really miss those good ole boy preachers giving a tent revival style  fire and brimstone sermon on the evils of commercialism, sports gear and the virtues of blind patriotism. Sorry I missed it! /s




Just remember there are groups of people protesting veteran's funerals yet people care more about someone kneeling.




This is why I hate religion with every bone in my body.




Plot twist: Pastor sponsored by Adidas. Pastor and Kaepernick spotted sipping whiskey together after a round of golf.




Why is the concept of freedom of speech so terribly difficult for both sides of the political spectrum to grasp.




And Peter said "Lord what do you call those new sandals with the swoosh" And Jesus spoke "Cross Trainers".




Thank god I haven't gone to church in 25 years. If I did I would be storming out of all them screaming "TEAR DOWN THIS WHORE HOUSE!!"




"I ain't using that no more" ... I'm not much of a gambler but I'd be willing to bet that Rev. Mack Morris there never received a grammar school diploma




How is this not political speech?  They should loose their tax status.  How does Nike commercial have anything to do with religion.  




I'm glad this pastor is taking a stand against the evils of child labour and slavery.

Good on him.


That's why he did it, right?




And this is why laymen shouldn't be preachers. We've been dealing with this shit since the Massachusetts Bay colonies. If you can't wrap your head around the classics and at least some exposure to hard sciences, you've got no business interpreting the Bible.




This infuriates him, and possibly his congregation, but I am sure nothimg was said about catholic priests raping children.

It amazes me that unimportant issues that does not affect anyone or their lives gets turned into hyperbole so frequently.

Artful speech is a confusion of virtue. impatience over little things, leads to confusion into greater schemes. - Confucius




Used to be if you preach politics you’ll loose your tax exempt status.
No separation of church and state?




Do people on this sub understand that they shouldn't downvote posts just because they don't like the title?

The poster isn't promoting what's happening, he's just reporting the news, which is what this sub is designed for.




How the fuck is this news? Who could possibly give a fuck? 




Big whoop!   Who cares as long as they were paid for.




To the pastor "Oh, *what a big man you* are! "Hey, *let me buy you a pack of gum, I'll show you how to chew it*." - Ricky Roma (Glengarry Glen Ross).

My point is there is no need to protest Nike during a sermon. He could have stuck to his message whatever it was with out destroying his Nike gear. He could have easily done that in the privacy of his home, office etc. Obviously he was just looking to get a reaction from his congregation. Not very Jesus like if you ask me.




Republican Jesus strikes again!




Yeah, I'm pretty rusty on the literature, but I don't recall that story in the books I read...




Same as why the homeless don't sleep In churches. These new churches are money magnets. 




If Jesus were real he'd be an ultra religious Middle Eastern man born to a family of refugees and one who rejects capitalism.


"If" Jesus were real, he wouldn't even be allowed to *enter* America.




\*looks at Turkey\*




I'm so tired of these religious fundamentalists and their PC culture.




I firmly believe in the separation of religion and government.

These two things have each fucked us up pretty bad by themselves. We dare not let them get together! (paraphrased from Geo Carlin)




hey, I thought they were just washing brains!!




second commandment, no idols, which in this case is the flag/military




Only applies if you're white, and not making waves.




This is virtue signaling for Republican values. They love their racism and injustice wrapped in authority 




To be fair, even were Kaepernick protesting the national anthem itself, I'd support that because it's an aural atrocity. Also, the additional verses that aren't usually sung contain lyrics celebrating the killing of rebel ex-slaves; like it literally rhymes "slave" with "grave".




Look, America has a very schizophrenic relationship with itself, ok.

I mean let's look at the heroes of the nation. This is people like Lincoln, MLK, Susan B Anthony, Harriett Tubman...people who actively *defied* America in their life.


I mean, Americas heroes are people who fought a villain known as America. Really think about that - the nation gives praise to these people while simultaneously shitting on folks who emulate them in current times.

It's absolutely insane to not only worship these heroes and not recognize that *you* were the villain in the story but to also actively force yourself to learn nothing from any of it.

People will burn Kaepernick gear while observing MLK Day. That's seriously a type of mental issue.




I thought it was about police brutality? 




could you please tell me what this all is about, i just heard something that that nike commercial guy didn't stand up when the national anthem was playing or something? 




I like standing for it, truth to tell. I also like that my next door neighbor's inalienable right to do something else entirely, or nothing at all, is protected by the First Amendment. 




These are churches of the people who turned the hose on Civil Rights marchers. The people that boycotted Starbucks over a red cups.




In 15 years there will be a Colin Kaepernick day and you'll hear of a shooting on Colin Kaepernick Ave in less than 30.

Hell, MLK was just 50 years ago, man.

And everyone will pretend he was always their hero.




Now we just get to see who determines what's considered wrong.




This is a Baptist Church in Mobile, AL he'll run for office next year. 




The Ku Klux Klan called themselves a Christian Organization.




In the book of Romans there is a chapter that explicitly talks about the evils of checkmarks on sweatbands. 




Nah he's just sponsored by a pagan diety




Westboro **BAPTIST CHURCH**

You don't stop good Christians from doing the Lord's work. /s




Kneeling for Americans no less...




If he’s a baptist, he probably doesn’t care for catholics anyway. A lot of Protestant denominations really don’t like catholics. 




https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Matthew+21%3A12–17&version=NRSV




Not for too long though, someone might beat you up. /s




*looks at America*




Second commandment is to not take the Lord's name in vain.




I know you're being sarcastic and I like that in a fellow human, but to clarify for those who don't know, the United States Constitution includes the [Reconstruction](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reconstruction_Amendments) and [Nineteenth](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nineteenth_Amendment_to_the_United_States_Constitution) amendments, thus applies to people regardless of color or gender, although some say the wording of the [Thirteenth](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thirteenth_Amendment_to_the_United_States_Constitution) has proved unfortunate in the extreme.




And we have to pay for the cherry on top. 




Historically in the US racism injustice and police brutality are all intertwined. 




Specifically about the unjust and racially discriminate way in which lethal force is applied.

So yes, it is about both.

Have you not paid attention?




Which is an injustice often seeded with racism




TLDR: Colin Kaepernick a football player who decided to raise awareness of police brutality against minorites, a la Black Lives Matter. He decided to do this by quietly kneeling during the national anthem at the beginning of football games. He came up with this idea in conjunction with a veteran with the intent of not disrespecting the flag or anyone who takes price in the flag.

People who take pride in the flag felt disrespected anyway, claiming that it's offensive to veterans.




That is correct. But he is also BLACK. 




Actually, he knelt, as one would in prayer... so I guess anyone who kneels for prayer is showing disrespect to God by this idiot's view. (He'd have some point to make if ANY of the athletes TURNED THEIR BACK on the flag. None did.)




Can I get an Amen?




Roll tide. 




I found something that looks like a Nike ad, at least.

Romans 5:3-4:

>we also glory in our sufferings, because we know that suffering produces perseverance; perseverance, character; and character, hope.




And the Lord said to them, "Take your Nike apparel, destroy it before the congregation as a witness."

&#x200B;

Completely missed it, thanks for the reference mate.




that my friend is third




The Sabbath?

Edit: Let's just get the text in here so we're working off the same script.

https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Exodus+20&version=NIV




Title: 
FTC, states, target bogus veterans' charities in new crackdown: 'It's war profiteering'

Comments: 
 I'm all for dropping a giant hammer on the assholes that organize and operate bogus charities. 

However, if you're calling it war profiteering and not going after companies like Academi or Raytheon, etc, you're kind of a hypocrite. 




Wounded Warrior Project used to have administative/fundraising expenses of 40%. Now they claim 28%. The charity claims fundraising expenses of 22%. Do the executives benefit from these expenses? 
DAV spends about 4% total.
Fisher House about 9% total.






There are many other charities that have come along that are amazing. Heroes on the Water, Wounded War Heroes, are really big in Louisiana. From a Veterans viewpoint who has been on WWP events... they are always well put together. They took me skydiving one time that saved my life. From a coordinators POV, they are the single most aggravating nonprofit to work with. They wont return calls, they are difficult to stay in contact with, they have even left us hanging one time for an event where they said 40 people were going to be there, and ZERO showed up. I'm talking air boats, kayaks, fishing guides, food, awards, etc was staged waiting for people to show up.




Newsflash, war is a profiteering business anyway.
The leaders of all the opposition meet up every year, drink expensive champagne and discuss which guns etc will be used against each other.


Of course Fox would say this "stand up for our veterans" 
How about lets stop making veterans full stop?




Wonder if Sean Hannity will opine on this?




Want to donate to a good cause?   Fisher Houses provide military families housing close to a loved one in the hospital for an illness, disease or injury.  https://www.fisherhouse.org/




Agreed. With that said they won't look at Wounded Warrior but in general they are not the best rated. The Fisher House is what a Veteran Charity should look and act like. Veterans are usually covered but the family is not.I recently had cancer surgery at the weed VA and they gave my wife a free room. They were nothing short of gracious.  I have been a Wounded Warrior for over 20 years and never have I ever interacted with Wounded Warrior.   


War profiteering seems to be okay if you have political friends.




"War profiteering" isn't even a crime, otherwise we could also go after companies like Camelbak, Nike, Gatorade, etc that all make products specifically for war. That statement wasn't made by a lawyer, but by a competing charity.




Wounded Warriors will sell your contact info. I'm all for supporting charities but they sold our info and we've been SLAMMED ever since, via phone, mail, and email.  very disappointed in them. 




None of those companies are making products exclusively for war. 

Academi is a mercenary organization. They don't help you go hiking. 

Raytheon makes missiles. You don't use those to stay hydrated. 

THAT is war profiteering, and while it's not a crime, it's morally reprehensible. 

Fake charities are preying on the good graces of others, using the victims of war to gain profit. That is also war profiteering. 




[deleted]




Academi is a mercenary company. That's it. 

Raytheon does make other things, yes, but your comparison to Nike is absurd. Nike doesn't make explosives. 

Mercenaries aren't part of national defense. They're for political purposes.




[deleted]




 And you do because? 

I've shown examples. You've shown an absurdist response. 




[deleted]




 Another absurdist example. Food aren't made to kill people. 

Boots and athletic wear aren't made to kill people. 

Hydration packs aren't made to kill people. 

Missiles and mercenaries are.  




[deleted]




 Fake charities profit off the deaths and injuries of people. Same thing. 

You're the one moving goalposts with your crap about McDonalds, Nike, Camelback, etc. 




[deleted]




 Nope. Making the tools that kill and injure is.

Exploiting the dead and wounded is. 




[deleted]




 Says Mr McDonalds. 




[deleted]




 Name calling? 

I guess you win. 




Title: 
Adidas has committed to using only recycled plastic in its products by 2024

Comments: 
This is a step in the right direction.




with these sports apparel companies, i dunno if i am paying for the product or paying for the upkeep of overpaid athletes




Damn so Adidas x Parley everything.

I don't mind that collab is dope




Can’t wait to put $120 worth of plastic on my feet




Big deal. Nike has been using apparently biodegradable glue in my running shoes since the '90s. It's so good that I once pulled a new pair out of the box a year after buying them and the soles fell clean off. 




Do they still use sweatshops? 




if they can keep the same quality at the same price point, good for them. if they fail to maintain either of those, good for nike/underarmor/etc.

at the end of the day, pr only goes so far.




Lol wooow. Meanwhile they're still using child labor.




proclaiming a recycling strategy is merely greenwashing when their business methods remain so exploitative of their labour force




So with all this, does it become profitable to go out to the trash islands in the ocean to collect plastic garbage and sell to these companies?




No more leather?




All Day I Dream About Sustainability 




Companies always “pledge” to do something by some far off date so they don’t have to actually make any policy changes. Then when they don’t reach their “pledge”, they don’t have to take any responsibility. 




Imagine if we got to a point where recycled plastics were in such high demand that old plastics were literally bought back from the users. I'm not talking '5 cents for a bottle recycling' but an actual closed loop economy based around purchasing old plastic and reusing it.




So what will the retro Crazy 1’s or Crazy 8’s be made of? I don’t see how plastic can be in those classics. Does this mean that the originals line is done for?




I've already picked up a shirt made with this process from Adidas. It pretty much feels just like a soccer jersey and is really breathable




but what if I don't want plastic shoes? 




Whatever. I pledge to send a disadvantaged child to camp with every pair of shoes I make. 




We didn't deserve that. 




hmmm seems like a non sustainable model... 100% recycled plastic... eventually they'll have to make new, there's some loss in the process but good on them for moving towards that.




Okay, but you're still producing plastic products sooo...




Great! Put the recycled phthalates against my sweaty feet, thanks.




If they can do it in six years, why not do it NOW???  if their argument is we don't yet have the technology, then how do you know you will have it in 6 years... I think they are hoping we forget they made this claim, when 2024 rolls around...




Seeing as how there's so much of it piling up on US shores now that China has decided to stop importing it. 




Seems like they're putting their best foot forward.




*rim shot*




Hopefully they set the trend for others 




I used to think you're just paying for these athletes then I bought a pair of knock off yeezys...they fell apart within weeks. Real yeezys will last for years lol 




I bought a $70 pair of flipflops and wear them everyday there isn't snow. People think it is ridiculous to spend that much on them when you can go to Walmart and buy a pair for $6 but I've had them for 6 years and counting with no signs of falling apart. Sometimes things cost more for a reason. 




I think the same thing when my shoes arrive. Are these really shoes, as I put them on and strike the ball into the back of the net, or are these marketing donglets in disguise, sole purpose fattening the pockets of Freddy adu, damarcus Beasley and Julian assange? I honestly don't know.




why are athletes overpaid? they bring in billions a a year and are literally the best in the entire world at a limited skill 




They pay people to wear them more than the people that actually make them. 




That’s why I don’t buy their shit. I’ll just stick with Payless. Same shoes, same made in China shit, just no high price tag. 




The feel is a lot rougher than Prime Knit, so its not as soft, esp on UBs.




But by 2024 inflation, we will be paying $200.  




arent they already plastic




Local soccer shop straight up told me 'we sell more Nike than any other cleats... mostly because they fall apart so fast'




I was checking out some Vapormax 2's (~$190) at the store with the clear bottoms and the glue job was so sloppy I couldn't believe they weren't $30 shoes. Sad because they look nice... from a distance.




Yes, but they have committed to use only recycled children to run their sweatshops 




They do but the children are bio-degradable as well 




proclaiming a recycling strategy is merely greenwashing when their business methods remain so exploitative of their labour force




You're assuming the manufacturer is actually going to switch. It's China. They claim language barriers and translation problems on things like this a lot. They'll charge Adidas for the recycled stuff and it'll be on the bill for sure but what they actually buy to make the shoes is whatever is cheaper.




Most recycled plastics aren't as valuable though. They are inferior in every measure of performance. You only have a limited lifetime with most.




Plastics are exceptionally good for certain use cases.




[removed]




If only there was a soft cotton cloth we could wrap around our feet to prevent something like that....




Because things take time and money? They have to invest in infrastructure, supply chains, etc for god only knows how many factories. That's not going to happen overnight.

Even if they _could_ set that up over night, it would be irresponsible business to do so. To change your entire product line over night to something completely new is ground breaking. You have employees who have never assembled these new shoes before, and will honestly take a little bit of time to perfect the process and for Adidas to correct Q/A on the new product lines.




I would be shocked if even 10% of the products made in China that say they are made with recycled material actually were. Metals sure but plastics not a chance.




Here's to hoping they pull up their socks




Hopefully they tread over the competition. 




There are inexpensive brands that still make high quality athletic shoes.




And look at, it only took you buying $350 sneakers *twice* to figure that one out




Olukais? That's what I wear (paid like 55), and they are fantastic. So much support without looking dumb, super comfy. I wear em until it hits the upper 50s, then I switch to a pair of cheaper chukkas, then when the snow and slush come I go to my wolverines. Good shoes are such a great investment.




I’m thinking of some Gucci slides yo should I cop




Well dang.  I guess I'll see how the pair I just ordered does lol. 




There's already some Adidas x Parley collab Ultra Boosts that cost that much. They do go on sale every now and then. Scored some Parley Carbon 4.0s for $105. 




Then if you buy $30 shoes, the damn things last forever.




They should continue to use non green materials. No change is better than incrimental change.




Thing is that recycled materials are in high demand and, in some cases like PET, more valuable than virgin materials.

Furthermore, recycled materials do not have to be worse in performance if mechanically or chemically upcycled. The chemical upcycling process of PET basically yields 'virgin material'.




Of course they are. The point is that this step doesn't really do anything significant to reduce the plastic going out into the market, which is the only ecological metric that matters with regard to plastic.




Just pointing out.




Yes, in an ideal world. One could sew it into a foot shaped form and size it correctly for the individual. But, alas, we don't live in the future world of many fantastic wonders.




Not me, that would be contrary to my name. 




Can we get some names here?




I paid pennies for the knock off (not literally pennies but you get the point) 




I have them they feel fine.




Yeah i just bought them an they are the best and most comfortable shoes I've ever owned.




I just paid $190 for some Adidas x Parley's




PET is special, it is one of the easiest plastics to recycle because it's bonds are much easier to break. Polyethylene, polypropylene and polystyrene cannot yet be converted back to virgin material. These plastics are over 50 % of the market due to their stability at elevated temperatures. There is cool work being done to upcycle polyethylene and polypropylene blends. 




The regular brands like Adidas and Nike make lots of products that are cheap, affordable and decently good for their price. Obviously if you buy Yeezys or Jordans a lot of the price is from marketing, hype, and endorsements but check out your local outlet store thatll have good quality stuff for cheap




I am not knowledgeable in all sports, so I'll just stick with what I know works from my experience in soccer and running.

For soccer, I can recommend Puma, Diadora, or Umbro. If you play frequently or competitively, maybe steer clear of Umbro. I've had a pair fall apart after six months or so of regular play. I've had Pumas and Diadoras which have been rock solid. If you have the money, Nike or Adidas will still serve you better with their higher-end offerings and that's what I prefer, but if you don't have 100 or more for a pair of shoes you can still get by. 

For running, I actually don't like most of what the big brands are offering. Reebok makes the best shoes, and at a lower price in general, though they do have expensive offerings. And if you don't mind looking like you're 60, New Balance makes very high quality shoes that are pretty cheap.

For other sports you'll need someone else's take.




I'm just playing :)




Glad I snagged a pair on sale. Stoked. 




I'd spend my child support money on some Adidons.




PET is not special, polyester and polyamides are easily upcycled as a whole.
- But I agree that plenty of work is required for aliphatic polymers to be recycled. They most likely need to go from linearity towards more branched structures.





Outlet stores [do not have the same quality items](https://www.racked.com/2014/10/8/7573957/outlet-mall-stores) as regular stores.




It's amazing that when I was a kid, Reebok and Adidas were the budget shoe brands.  Pair of Reebok cleats was like 35-40$ and Adidas were 40-50$, where Nike and Puma were the expensive brands.  




Copa Mundial is all I will say




Depends on what kind of running. I am a big fan of Brooks shoes, they are pretty great mind line shoes for lighter trail and road use depending on what line you get. Adrenaline's are great for me. They also make a good show for easy trail running. If you are doing really high milage, I have heard great things about Hola One One as they are insanely cushioned. Some people prefer a low/no drop shoe if they go down the road running ultra path, however. For gnarly trail and winter running, there are tons of great brands. Salomon, La Sportiva (fantastic for narrower feet), and Altra just to name a few. These are all big name brands for running shoes. If by name brands you mean like Nike or -god forbid- Asics, then yeah they suck.




It depends... for example all the shoes that Nike makes, that are most likely specifically made for stores like Payless. They’re definitely lower quality. But a pair of air maxes off the shelf at Marshall’s or the Nike factory store... same quality 




That's interesting, Asics have been my favorite for years!




I have just had really bad experiences with them, both as a training and race shoe. They don't fit me that well, and I find they fall apart  before they should. I can't stand their spikes as well.




I haven't done any races since high school cross country, and I'm not a long-distance runner anymore, but they're super comfortable for my narrow foot and very breathable. New Balance have been the worst brand for me for durability, followed by Nike.




Hey if it works, it works! They just have not been good in my experience. Nike and NB, we can agree on though, they are awful.




Title: 
5 busted in counterfeit $70 million Nike Air Jordan sneaker ring

Comments: 
Those that can afford to buy them dont need too.  Those that cant, will kill for them.  Check em in!!! 
Sad world 




Some people commenting here about the practicality of shoewear are obviously not the target market for these shoes. Sneakers are big business, especially as collectibles and for trade. 




I don't buy sneakers because some "player" sponsors them. I make sure they FIT and are comfortable and will hopefully last. Spending scads of money on sneakers is silly.




No one needs $200 dollar shoes, just like people don't need $200,000 cars, but people like owning status symbols.




My buddy would buy Jordan's all the time. He was a big time basketball player and fan. He would just buy them from Ross. He would get $300 brand new Jordan's for like $30, just because they were last season.




Years ago my favorite sneaker was a particular Reebok; it was comfy, sensible and reasonably affordable.

Then Reebok went into a promotion with 50 Cent and my sneaker became the '50 Cent Reebok' (exact same shoe, just with different coloring and lettering to let you know it was the official 50 Cent shoe).

Price effectively quadruples.

I'm an ASICS fan, these days...




The clock on my phone is more accurate than my Rolex, I don’t regret the purchase one bit.




[deleted]




While cars can be status symbols, you also get something for $200k... Like luxury, high performance etc. I don't know what you get with $200 shoes....




I like my ASICS.   That said I recently bought a $200 pair instead of my normal $80 ones.  For the life of me I don’t feel the difference.  And, yes, I am a runner. 




Well, the phone is a modern engineering marvel.  I don't see why you'd regret the purchase.

But either one is accurate enough to keep you on time for your scheduled kid diddling.

Does username check out?




So could beanie babies 




Just like with a car, luxury and/or rarity or performance.  Hell even with work boots there is a huge difference between cheap walmart boots vs Danners or Red Wing.




The purchase I don’t regret was my Rolex. The point I was making is that pure functionality is not the only purchasing motive, some people like fashion.




They’re my retirement fund.




[deleted]




Dude I learned that lesson the hard way with work boots.   Red Wings after upgrading from Walmart trash, were I don't know.   Don't have the words to describe how much better they were.   But worth every single penny.




Right but these are sneakers. There's no difference between these and $20 generic brand sneakers




Beanie babies went for thousands at one time. 




The way I describe mine would be that they are actively comfortable. They actually feel good to wear.




Same when I went with my Danners.  So worth it.




I can't use that to accurately describe it since mine were used as 38/7 work boots when I worked in the oil field.   Both pairs were comfy, one pair had me almost killing myself from slipping and sliding.   The other pair felt like I was walking on pavement while walking in oil sludge.  




Title: 
Nike Denies Shoes for World Cup Team from Iran

Comments: 
That's not fair to the kids who worked so hard to make those shoes.




Just a clarification. The SANCTIONS DON'T BEGIN FOR ANOTHER 6 MONTHS. I'm only saying this because a lot people are upvoting an incorrect statement. Nike can still give shoes to Iran no problem. It just chose not too.




Ah yes , I love it how they have ethical standards. Especially for the child labor , the dead stadium builders, the constantly corrupt fifa officials...

But hey , lets hurt players who have nothing to do with politics just so we can say we stood up to them.

Nike can go suck it




This is terrible. There's probably loads of players on the team now scrambling to figure out what boot they can wear and break in with an international tournament starting in 5 days.




Fifa are against politics in sport, as a result they should not allow Nike products unless they are universal.





Eh. I don't wear Nike because of it's pricetag. They seem like all logo, no quality. I assume they were quality at some point in their manufacture? 




Fuck Nike & Fuck Trump.




Sry, link wants me to turn my adblocker off.  No thanks!




Nothing says sportsmanship more than pettiness. 
-nike




what could be the reason for this?




They don't want to catch the ire of Trump.




"We don't want those Zionist made shoes anyway!"

- Iran's Ayatollah (probably)




Why would Iran want shoes made in a country whose citizens love beer, pork products, atheism and at least the concept of equal rights for women? 




[removed]




Which it has the right to do




A lot of national teams won’t wear cleats more than a game or two. There isn’t much break in.




Are they blacklisted from using Nike products? From what I gathered in the article Nike isn't providing them with cleats, that doesn't mean they can't go out and buy a pair though, right?




Lolololololol so against politics they won’t say anything about leave labor to build stadiums.




You didnt read the article... This had to do with them following american law and the sanctions being placed on iran as an american based company.

Nothing says stupidity like your comment.




They say it's because of sanctions but sanctions don't start till about November




Why punish the players for their government?




China doesn't drink that much beer per capita.




I've never understood how Nike is still in business. It's not just because of the child labor, but rather that it's iconic to their brand. I associate kids and sweatshops way more strongly with their brand than I do athletes.




Also, according to FIFA laws companies cannot go political so they do not have that right




Why punish the players for their government?




Depends on the player but that is a good point. Nike and Adidas have very different fits. And players usually break in shoes somewhat at practices. And they have 5 days, I wouldn't be so upset if they had atleast given more time between the announcement and start of the tournament.




They use custom cleats for the world cup. It's nicer than regular shoes.




The sanctions aren't going to be in place for another six months and the world cup will be well and truly over by the time they start.

Nike also made the agreement to supply shoes before Trump decided to reapply sanctions after Iran stuck to the nuclear agreement. 




[deleted]




The sanctions aren't applied for another six months; please stop spreading misinformation!




[deleted]




They're still in business because people love that logo, nobody gives a shit who makes them or from what.  It's a status thing, people know you're serious when they see you wearing whatever cheap piece of crap Nike slapped their logo on and charged extra for.




You know they don’t really have child labour right?  Sometimes the plants may bring them in illegally but it’s not a standard practice or anything.  There is almost no chance Nike has child labour today.

You may look at Nike using child labour but you are wrong with how they operate.  Nike has some of the most open and inspected plants in the world today. 

To actually learn about Nike, and there practices vs old headlines read some content about them.

http://mallenbaker.net/article/clear-reflection/nike-and-child-labour-how-it-went-from-laggard-to-leader




1.  The vast majority of clothes and products people own are likely made by kids in sweatshops.  Also, phones and electronics definitely are.  Apple is well known for having products made in sweatshops.  Are you going to look into and throw away everything you own?  
2. Nike makes good products, regardless of the logo.  
3. I don't think Nike is in the right here (considering sanctions have yet to be imposed).  However, Nike overall has done a lot for the Muslim community \- namely coming out with the first headscarf for athletes.  




It's not political, its business. Yes, a company does have the right to not do business with someone. FIFA doesn't control anything.




It isnt punishing them. It simply isnt doing business with them.




So that means that unless a company provides it for the player, they don't have another option right?




Who cares? The only people being petty are people like you. Secondly nike supplies the shoes for free to every team as a sponsor of the event. This saved nike money.




Foxconn is more a labor camp than a sweat shop.  Way worse




I'll be honest, I do my damndest to shop ethically. But at the end of the day, even with no children, and a home fully paid off; it's very difficult to afford. Sometimes I break and get bath bombs from Walmart instead of Lush, get my produce at a discount grocer instead of a farmer's market, or I panic because I've waited until the last minute to get my garbage out and don't separate the recyclables. I'm not perfect, but I try. One of the ways I can do more than try, and actively contribute is by not wearing Nike products. Cool, they made a headscarf, but they're working kids for 60 hours a week so they can barely afford a bowl of rice before bed, too. Nobody is ever going to be perfect, but that doesn't mean we shouldn't try to be a little more decent where we can be. I don't use Apple products either.




It is FIFA's policy for the product providers for the world cup




Oh and it definitely is political since their reasons were sanctions that don't begin for another 6 months




Deciding this a few days before a major game is punishing them since they had already made an agreement. Plus they are the sponsor of one of the players too.




On a couple dozen pairs of shoes.




I feel you and appreciate the honest response :) I myself am an avid recycler/composter.  I've given up on clothes/products - I feel like if I dig deep enough, it's all produced via unfair labor practices.  As for Nike, I sprained my ankle and broke my foot when younger and they're the only sneakers that truly make me feel comfortable.  We all have to choose our battles I guess! 

As for the sanctions themselves, there should be exceptions such as international sporting events.  This is not helpful.  Iran is a red herring IMO. 




You are interpreting it incorrectly and I think you know that. Nothing will be done to Nike. They are allowed to pull any sponsorship they have.




No, that doesn't make it political. You are being ridiculous.




Well luckily for them Nike isnt though only clear maker in the world. I'm sure Adidas can manage.




They didn't pull the sponsorship though. You keep spreading misinformation. Every single comment you've made so far has been incorrect




Sanctions are political. Are you literally stupid? How are sanctions not political?




The shoes are custom. You can't replace them quickly. Also, fittings are very different. They have practiced all year with Nikes




Just because a company can legally do something doesn't mean it should. Nike would get on Donald Trump's shit list pretty hard if they supplied anything to Iran and they know it. Also, Nike has a lot of ties to Apple who also doesn't want to get on anyone's bad side.




Nike didnt impose sanctions. Are you stupid?




They can get by with regular cleats. It's not like they are getting out of groups anyways.




You literally called the sanctions not political. I never said that the US didn't impose the sanctions. What is your point?




Then it wouldn't be fair. if we who was going to win from the beginning why would they even play?




Nike abiding by sanctions is not political. Your lack of comprehension explains your error in logic.




Yes it's fair. No where in the rules does it state you have to get cleats from Nike. They can find cleats to wear. They should stop playing the victim and enjoy that they are even playing in the World Cup.




The sanctions don't start for another six months an d sanctions are political. Did you read my first comment?




It's says you can't stop providing to someone for a political reason. And you can't find last second custom cleats. A different brand will affect how they play. Why should they be grateful they are playing in the world cup? They were literally the top team from Asia. They deserved it




Did you not read my comment about Nike not being the one to impose sanctions? If they want to wind that down ahead of it by a few months, that's not political, its business.




And its not political. Your logic from the start is off.




The sanctions are political. It doesn't matter who put them, and doing it beforehand makes it obvious its not business because they won't be fined for it aka lose money




You literally changed your comment? Nice one




Lol so all American companies are taking a political stand by complying with the law? You're out of your mind dude. You want to plane the third party for something they have no control over and it makes you come off childish. Blame the US if this upsets you. Nike had nothing to do with it.




I corrected a spelling mistake. You are such a child.




The law isn't in effect yet. If a judge says go to prison in three months and you show up tomorrow, you can't blame the judge




Stop lying you're previous comment was completely different




That doesn't mean they dont start preparing for the law ahead of time. These are giant multinational corporations. Not you on court for a ticket. You are completely clueless.




No it wasnt. You're an idiot.




Them preparing ahead of time isn't the government's fault as you put it. It's on them




You literally lying and then replying with you are clueless doesn't make people believe your point. FIFA literally doesn't allow this. It is not allowed. Nike is doing this when it doesn't need to making it seem malicious on their part.




And they have the right to do so.




No, I'm not lying. Nothing will happen to Nike over this.




I never said nike would get punished. I said against it is against FIFA policies. Again you are twisting my words and lying about what I said




If you agree nothing will happen, why are you bitching about it being against their policy? Why dont uou let FIFA decide that buddy.




Title: 
4 Women File Lawsuit Against Nike Alleging Unequal Pay

Comments: 
The Time article is pretty bare bones, [this](https://www.oregonlive.com/business/index.ssf/2018/08/class-action_lawsuit_on_nike_w.html) has more details. 

It seems weird that it's a class action lawsuit with only 4 plaintiffs, unless there are more participants that the article didn't mention.




Nike pays the people in Indonesia or wherever it is barely enough to cover the rent in their concrete cubicle houses.




they literally use slave labor. why the hell would any other part of their structure be equitable?




Class-action just means multiple plaintiffs with the same complaint.

It ensures a more fair and speedy trial as opposed to the company fighting multiple lawsuits at the same time.









These people were white collar workers in the USA, not unskilled manufacturing labor.  A whole lot more goes into that kind of a job versus “stand here and sew this for $1 an hour”.

My company has rough pay scales for different roles, but compensation varies a lot between individuals, because of a whole host of reasons.




Ah, gotcha. I thought there was a threshold, like had to be above (insert arbitrary number) to be allowed to file a class action instead of a standard suit. 

Thanks for the info!




Id still say they are skilled at sewing, that shit is hard! I tried fixing a hole in my shirt once took way longer than i thought and i did a terrible job.




yikes at your entiiiire comment.




Great insight, thanks!




and thank you for yours, that people with white collar jobs (read: upper class) are worth more and we should expect them to be treated better than people who perform what you incorrectly term 'unskilled manufacturing labor', "because of a whole host of reasons." really lucid and convincing. if you can't reflect and see what's wrong with your blatant classism and general cocksucking of capitalist notions of 'worth' then all i have for you is a "yikes." the point is, if a company isn't going to provide equitable compensation to the core of its value-production (*labor*), why would we be surprised that they exploit inequities elsewhere?




I hate to break it to you, but stitching together shoes is unskilled labor.  If you can learn to do it in an afternoon, it’s not hard.

And since we actually live in a capitalist society, the value of work is determined by the intersection of supply and demand.  The demand for shoe stitching is fairly low and there’s an abundance of people who can do it.  So they get paid what that labor is worth.  

Designing a shoe that can be made with minimal labor and yet will be sold for $200 a pair is a much rarer skill set and therefore commands a higher price.  

This is also why quarterbacks get paid more than burger flippers.  We need food more than we need football, but qbs are scarce and burger flippers aren’t.  So the skill of chucking a leather ball is more valuable than making burgers.  More valuable than my profession of designing wastewater treatment facilities too.

Or water vs rubies.  Water is essential, but also plentiful and therefore cheap.  Rubies are rare but nearly useless.  But since people want them, they’re much more valuable.

> general cocksucking of capitalist notions of 'worth' then

There’s only one method of determining the worth of someone’s labor.  It’s not capitalist, it’s just “the way”.  The other way is to have some bureaucrats look at the five year plan and pull a number out of a hat, but that doesn’t work.

> if a company isn't going to provide equitable compensation to the core of its value-production

Above you’ll see that they do.  If their employees don’t like what they’re being offered they can go work somewhere else.  Or start their own company.  I don’t know if you’re allowed to do that in China, but you certainly can here.




there's so much wrong with your comment it is difficult to know where to begin. it is so depressing to learn of your existence. 

ppl really be out here defending slave labor... "explaining" in the most simplistic terms the concept of supply and demand while factually just working backwards from MSRP to the relative merit of skills... not comprehending that alternatives to capitalist schemes of value-extraction and ownership exist... thinking slave labor is an example of equitable compensation.... wild




They don’t exist though.  That’s the problem.

We have a practical system that works and has elevated humanity from grubbing in the dirt to the highest standard of living in the world.  Its not perfect, but it works.

Capitalism isn’t the best of all *imaginable* systems of political economy, it’s just  the best of all *possible* systems.  

You’re a follower of a system that is proven to fail, every time.  And causes immense suffering and poverty.  I’d ask you for a real life working example of what you want, but I know it doesn’t exist.  




sounds like you have it all figured out, pal, you don't need me here.

again i will repeat my first and only point, that when a company has been proven to exploit workers by virtue of national origin and socioeconomic class, it is not surprising to learn that they also exploit people by virtue of gender.

oh and my secondary point which is just yikes at your whole existence.




These "think they are smart because they read a libertarian sanctioned book" types are always scary. 




Title: 
Nike CEO takes a 71% pay cut after a rough year

Comments: 
If their shit wasn't so god damn expensive maybe I would actually buy it as would other people. I can't justify a 40 dollar t-shirt because it's dri-fit and has a Nike logo. I can get the nearly same quality shit from costco in a 3 packs for 12 if not less. 




When his pay *DROPS* to 13.9 mil




Yeezy jumpin over jumpman 




Idk how this dude is gonna pay his bills anymore on that salary 




Adidas' online marketing team hard at work in this thread, Jesus. 




Are people discovering that Nike's Chinese-made products are overpriced and lacking in quality?




Shoe Dogs was an excellent read. Y'all should check it out. 




The Nike burqa wasn't a hot seller?




Adidas Killin the shoe game rn.




I buy all my work shoes from the Nike Outlet store. I can usually find a pretty nice pair between $30-45. I'm on my feet all day and it's nice to have that. Sometimes I can find some in the $20 range. I bought a pair of the flyknit lunars for like $40 when they retail for $120+.




Average CEO pay in the 1940s up to the 1970s was roughly 35X what the average worker made which is more than enough.

By the end of the 1980s it was over 100 times.

Now it's roughly 300:1.

There's absolutely no justification for that.






I've given up on Nike. Used to be the only sneakers I would wear, they always fit and always held up. The last two pairs didn't last 6 weeks before the stitching or the bottom started coming off 

I've since switched to asics and some other brand that starts with an s and they are comfortable and last. Not a bit of problem with those. 

Maybe Nike needs to go back to the drawing board and make quality shoes again if they want to survive. 




ITT: bunch of salty broke bois




I don't know why Nike and underarmour both had such bad years 




At least from a sneaker perspective, adidas has been whoopin Nike's ass for over a year now. I'm not surprised, a lot of Nike products are overpriced




Probably doesn't help that Adidas seems to be eating their lunch. I was skeptical of the Boost-craze until I snagged a pair of the Ultra Boosts. It's gotta be the most comfortable shoe I have ever owned. 




It's a tough retail climate for everyone right now, and at least the Nike CEO is willing to trim from the top, and not just from the bottom.

For some of the comments in this post about 'Nike products being made in China, and because of this, being of poor quality' with a condescending tone, China is in many ways still the world's factory. And though there may be some bad product sourced there, they are the industry leaders in production, hence being the go-to for a majority of the world's production. For well over 50 years, China has dominated in process, engineering, infrastructure, and innovation, and they've done this to meet the demands of consumers. As consumers, we've all contributed to this boom in the Chinese economy, as is referenced by their significantly growing middle-class. So for those of you with a bone to naw on regarding 'China-made', chew elsewhere, because there's plenty of junk made right here in our own backyard too.

Nike in itself is still a hugely respected brand that crosses many intersections: technology to fashion, trendy to classic, and everything in between. Yes, their products are priced in a specific manner, but they're industry leaders in that regard for a reason. They lead the market in key areas that some brands will never venture, but I applaud them for their investment in continuing to grow their brand in spite of heavy domestic and international market competition, and continuing to innovate in all manner of product(s). Yeah, I get it, it's a $50 hoodie, but look at how clean and durable the stitching is. Look at the moisture-wicking finish or anti-microbial treatment to keep the hoodie from 'smelling'. What about the double-lined hoodie, the branded necktape, media-port, bonded seams, or the additional brushing in the underside of the fabric for warmth? If you want none of those things, there's a Gildan Beefy Pullover Hoodie you can pick-up down the street. Nike could make a $10 hoodie, but they don't, because it wouldn't be good for them, or you. Brand and product guidelines, reputations, exist for a reason; we're paying a premium for that. It's the same reason you know you can't wash something from H&M or Forever21 without it coming out funky, while other brands will stand the test of time. And if they've made moves to positively impact the communities they operate in by providing schools, daycare, and a livable wage, are you still not willing to pay a premium for that?




How are they having a bad year when they pay children a dollar a day to make their shoes?




>Nike CEO takes a pay cut after rough year

What a great guy!

>Mark Parker's pay will drop to $13.9 million

...

>In June, Nike announced plans to lay off more than 1,000 workers.

Fuck you.




[deleted]




I watched a documentary in school a few years ago on Nike and their treatment of overseas workers.  It was set in the Philippines and showed whole villages working in factories for Nike for pennies a day.  The poverty and terrible conditions of the people was so disheartening to see.

It was also mentioned that it takes Nike less than $4 USD to make a shoe that they sell for $70 USD.  When the documentary producers sought an audience with the CEO (dunno if it's this current one or a predecessor), they were literally kicked out of the building.  Nike is a terrible company human rights-wise.




Meanwhile nothing about the way they do business changes because they're still a publicly-traded company and CEO pay is only part of the perverse incentives enabled under capitalism.  There's still all that shareholder value to uphold that will continue seeing workers AND customers treated like human garbage cogs in the poorly-oiled money combine.




Maybe if they actually tried to come up new shoe silhouettes and innovate they wouldn't be in such a mess. We don't need 100 diff versions of air max 95, 97 or foamposites. That shot was cool 20 years ago. Don't get me started on Jordan brand either(although not technically Nike they're still under the same roof) 

Adidas is cranking out much more modern shoes that are very comfortable. Yeah they overpumped the NMD line but the Ultraboost is easily this generations Air Max. Nike finally took a cue and dropped the Vapormax but those things  look like you're rocking fucking horseshoes on your feet. I do give them credit for innovating and trying something new, and surprise surprise it was was a hit with consumers. 

I expect Nike to come roaring back in 2018 as they have a slew of new kicks planned. 

Edit: grammar on a my phone. 




The quality of their running shoes seems to have declined imo.  I got the Nike Frees when they initially came out and I was amazed, the newer version I returned.




The hijab wasn't a good idea was it?




Idk how this dude is gonna pay his bills anymore on that salary





My thoughts and prayers are with him.




Making cuts where they need them. Good call




A lot of people took pay-cuts, now they make below the poverty line, and nobody gave a shit. 

> ...a 71% cut this year. He will make $13.9 million

Oh, fuck this guy for standing up on a stage and patting himself on the back for ONLY making 14 million.




I'm sure he took a pay cut because nobody wants to be in his shoes. If you know what I mean *wink wink*.




Took a pay cut to 1milion+ a month, wish I had those problems. 




There are a lot of negative comments about Nike products here, but let me say this as a runner: They have some really fabulous running shoes that are high quality products!

As long as you don't care about color choices, you can get wicked discounts on running shoes in their online store every now and then. Sure, you can spend hundreds of dollars on them via customization, but you can also get a really excellent 6mm-drop neutral flyknit long-distance shoe for a quite nice price that matches their competitors (sometimes even cheaper)!

So, let's appreciate that Nike makes some rather good products -- and then there is the upscale-buy-for-the-branding-stuff too. I am happy to ignore the latter as long as they keep making really nice running shoes. And, no, I am not sponsored by Nike.




Maybe they should release those self lacing shoes for normal people prices. Stop making shoes for sneaker collectors.




Mr. Burns:   
  BLAST HIS HIDE TO HADES!! And I was going to buy that ivory backscratcher!




Nike hijab didn't work out mate?




What? Nike had a rough year selling shoes they make for $3 a pair for $150?




And it won't even matter a good God damn, cuz the majority of the CEOs pay / compensation / remuneration comes from stock options which are inflated due to stock "buybacks", as well as massive performance bonuses.

This is why you see a shitload of propaganda about these so-called "$1.00 salary CEOs".

They are also directly tied to the CEO being able to increase "shareholder value"




His pay will drop to $13 million dollars. I'm so fucking heart broken I can't stand it. 

Everyone is talking about raising the minimum wage, but we need to talk about lowering the maximum wage, because that's some sick dystopian shit there. 




I could live my whole life comfortably on what he makes in two months on his new, lower pay.




Their merchandise styling has been underwhelming for a couple of years. They had some real winners in Nike Flash and Gore tex runners, but choose to focus on having running shoes in 600 variations. 




Sucks that Nike owns chucks bc those prices are ridiculous too. 




Best rule of business I have heard from a burger shack in Arlington that is still around from at least the 70s and Im not sure how long before. "Always take the fast nickel over the slow buck." NIKE could really use some price cuts.




I refuse to buy from Nike. Over priced and they basically enslave people to make their shit.




Seriously fuck nike. Most of their shit is made overseas in fucking sweat shops.




Wow only 13 million a year, what a "good guy"




I like their trainers and lifting shoes but they're SO DAMN EXPENSIVE 




Their prices are insane. They have a giant section of the collectors market but those prices are just too damn high




I wonder how this will affect Laika studios. 




Fashion.

Nike has had a good run.

Don't expect it to last forever.




He could have saved himself the trouble by signing Lonzo Ball.




Maybe they should focus on quality so their product doesn't fall apart under mild daily use after 8 months




I love Nike shoes. I have worn almost strictly Nike to work for the last 3 years. Any other shoe brand I've tried makes my feet hurt something awful without buying some sort of insert. I stand by their shoes for sure. Their other items... not so much. 

Good on the CEO for taking a pay cut though. This is how companies need to be run - responsibility being taken at the top. 




Nike sell everything but what are they actually known for being really good at? The most Nike I see is on people at the gym who need a Nike t-shirt and trainers to walk on a treadmill or do dumb bell curls. I'm not taking the piss, this seems to be nikes USP.




How are they in a rough year?  They're up to their balls in NFL and Jordan exclusivity.




I have owned more than a few pairs of Nike sweatpants.  I couldnt bring myself to do it anymore once Nike began actively marketing and creating "skinny/slim fit" sweatpants.  Street fashion, i get it; some of us still wear sporting clothes for workouts and lounging on the weekends, and business/work clothes for business and work.  It is not easy to lounge and relax in a pair of slim cut sweatpants...




So, now he's making 150k rather than like a billion dollars?! Boo fucking hoo... Lower your prices and make your products fair trade.




just make wide shoes please




Poor guy.

I hope he's gonna be okay.




Still making millions off he backs of child laborers




Make the bottom half of 360s plastic bubble thicker and bond the seams with higher temp for longer... 




[deleted]




That's fine, their 8 year old workers in Indonesia took a 99.999% pay cut.




Nikes has issues. When it comes to footwear, Adidas skyrocketed into popularity over last few years due to the Boost technology and Nike has been suffering for not having something equivalent for a while now.

Add the fact that some of their key redesigns have been fairly terrible in last few years and how expensive Nike is most of the times and you’ll get mediocre sales and rought years.




Yeah well fuck Nike. I haven't bought any gear in many years as their prices are just unjustifiable compared to other brands. I'll let all the fashion victims buy their Air Max for what 120-150€?! I'll get two to three pairs of Asics for the same price and they look better imo.




Saw a pair of Nike shorts in JD in Dublin for 50 euro. I did the obvious thing and went home and 3D printed my own for a fraction of the cost.




Check the bonuses though. On paper pay isn't actual pay. 




Good lord. How is Nike going to afford to be able to fly their stable of business jets? They might have to delay buying another G650 to replace some of the junkers in their fleet! The horror!
https://corporatejetinvestor.com/articles/nike-g650-leaves-paint-shop-702/




Poor guy. Hope he's able to survive




Every time I go to the Nike employee store near beaver falls Oregon I get shoes and clothes that I never see in a store. 




Remember they released some retro shoes with worse zoom/ no zoom?




Only 14 million for 12 months? No bonus? Poor guy!!!

I'm pretty sure he doesn't even take the private jet out anymore with a fucking welfare salary like that




Holy shit 40$ for a shirt with probably just a check mark and what its made with anti sweat bs material. 




Nike has fallen...... Finally 




Or real they got these windbreakers for 150 bucks, outrageous. 




He's gonna have to look over his monthly bills.  Netflix might be cut, possibly Sirius also. 




And he needs that remaining 13 million because expenses




Oh no he probably only makes like 17 million billion a year now, how ever will he get by?




Maybe if nike made shoes that weren't so bad for foot health.




Nike is stupidly expensive, the outlet near me in the UK is full of the hideous shit they cant sell.




Poor lad has to live on 13.9 million now. I had to save up for 3 months to afford a car that I can use to go to work.




Again though, don't take my word - do your own research. Watch a high ticket item for a year. For an example, watch a TV at Best Buy. Not a brand new one, one that has been out for awhile. Check it weekly and write down when it goes on sale and when it doesn't and the price/regular price listed. Even record major events like 4th of July sale and Black Friday. You'll see. 




Oh shit, poor guy is only gonna make 15 million this year. Damn ungrateful customers.




Then they should make shoes that feel good and last long. I'll keep buying Adidas till then.

hail corporate or whatever I don't give a shit.




Big Baller really taking a bite out of Nike,lol.




Only 13.9 million.  Loser. 




Maybe if their products weren't garbage people would buy them. I used to really like the converse brand of shoes. They used to be durable, comfortable, and not super expensive. Then the brand got bought by Nike. After the acquisition the quality took a nose dive. I had a brand new pair of shoes with laces of such poor quality that they snapped in my hands while lacing a new pair. After a week of wearing said new converse the soles started separating from the upper, because they were cheaply glued together.

Now I buy Vans. Same price as converse for much better quality. If you want to jack up prices and reduce quality, don't act surprised when no one wants to buy your shit.




And yet here we are, you not reading All of what I said, only most. 




They pay way too much for athlete deals making their stuff way too expensive. I would only buy it off the clearance rack.




He made 47 million last year. Dude is gonna be fine. 




This is what I like to hear. I think oracles CEO did the same thing a few years back. The only person that didn't really take a pay cut after underperforming was every other CEO known to man. I guess they are really living that American Dream.




Takes or acts magnanimous after the Board says, "Dude..."?




Yeah because most of the shoes that look decent are retros.




Their shoes simply aren't what kids are wearing right now. I teach in middle and high schools and it seems every kid has Converse on right now. A couple of years ago it was brightly colored Nikes. When 50 million consumers shift away from your brand, you're gonna lose money 




Maybe CEOs are starting to realize that the people they expect to buy things don't have money to buy said things. 




It's because all the millenials who bought his shit are out on their own barely affording rent and can't pay 30$ for a t shirt that Spalding sells for like 7$. It was cool when my parents bought that for me but now? Impossible

Source: am one of the millenials




This is more common in Japan, where CEOs of major corporations cut their own salaries in hard times.

https://usatoday30.usatoday.com/money/companies/management/2009-04-05-japan-executive-pay_N.htm




He's going to have to make some really significant personal budget cuts now only making nearly 14 million.  What a champ.

*sniff*  *tear*  I am now forced to refurbish the interior of my existing jet instead of buying the new Global 7000 next year :(






Them bitches dont want nikeeeeees




Still alot more then I make. 




Nintendo did it first. 




Lebrons have been ugly since the 10th generation. KD's shoes are ugly. Kyrie's are ok. The Free Runs are ugly. No wonder people are flocking to Adidas.




Keep raising your prices no wonder you're finally going broke.




Only on Reddit would someone get shit talked for taking a 71% pay cut




Wait, are you telling me that CEOs get cuts when they do poorly, and get raises when they do well?

Meaning, if they do really well, they get a lot of money?!




Move the office out of Portland, Nike literally squander billions based here.




It is sad that this is news. But many a CEO would just keep cashing in the big checks while their company and workers suffer. He's still making a very pretty penny to be sure, but that's still a large pay cut.




I live in Panama. The free zone is interesting. I saw 80 cent polo shirts get converted into 90 dollar shirts when they stuck a lacoste sign on them. Last time I bought brand shit......




Don't the big CEOs get like 1$ a year salary anyways? 




Wow I love Nike now. I always wear Nike


Buy Nike




Is the Wall Street mentality is still that the more workers you fire ...somehow you're a better CEO?




Nike has taken major missteps with their line, most notable their disregard in trends in athleisure and being too rigid with potential collaborations with artists like Kanye West (it's why he went to Adidas instead). 




sounds like a tax dodge.

watch him sell stock and only pay taxes on gains this year.




Maybe stop making cheap low quality shit and stop charging premium for it. Just because you paid celebrities to wear your stuff doesn't make it any better. 




Maybe they will get the hell out of skateboarding and stop trying to kill every core brand.




How many Chinese shoemaking babies will lose their jobs over this?




Meh... I stopped buying Nike decades ago. I don't give a shit if the CEO has to take a pay cut.




I've been buying Nike for years now. Their shoes are great! 




Adidas is taking over really




Darn, now he can only afford 2 new private jets a year instead of 9




The headline sounds like he is doing something really special, but then you learn he is ***ONLY*** gonna take home about $14 million and you realize how fucked up CEO pay is compared to the level of work that other people contribute to the business.

I'm not against CEOs making a good wage, since the direction they set *can* (but not always) have a huge impact on how profitable a business is, but when you take a 71% pay cut and are still taking home about *155 times* [the average corporate pay other NIKE employees](https://www.glassdoor.com/Salary/NIKE-Portland-Salaries-EI_IE1699.0,4_IL.5,13_IM700.htm) are making there is something terribly wrong with the value placed on CEOs.




But the hijab was supposed to bring in millions! 




I'd love to get a job as a CEO, work for a month, then quit. It's all I'd need to be set for life. Plus I'd get all the coffee I could drink, for an entire month! SCORE!!




[deleted]




Poor little lamb...he'll probably be on the unemployment line next week




Honestly, me fuckin heart bleeds for the rich cunt




This title would be dogshit with the actual numbers instead of a percentage. "Nike CEO takes a pay cut from 47 million to 13 million" and now instead of what feels like a CEO standing by his performance we're seeing that even poorly performing CEO will still be payed 13 million dollars for his failures.

This article is clickbait garbage without enough context to have any value in informing the reader of anything valuable about Nike or the CEO specifically or the economy at large. It's meant to be seen as a headline and prop up the image of the American CEO.




Hopefully Nike continues to lose money until they start making better shoes that aren't marketing gimmicks. They've been ruining people's feet for 45 years. There's a reason that they came out with the Free: they found out that Stanford's track team practices barefoot, and only wears their sponsored Nikes on race day. They realized that maybe they've been doing it wrong, and set out to actually make a better shoe instead of some stupid pillow top piece of shit.

-former sucker Air Max wearer for decades.     




Sales dwindling? Good... [Fuck Nike with a fucking pine cone.](http://imgur.com/pWBSHuk)




For the average person, I guess they prefer the adidas boost for the everyday walking and standing.  Nike fits me perfectly for track, soccer, football and basketball. Adidas doesnt not come close with their football and basketball shoes. Soccer is preference, Nike and adidas is the top in soccer. I'm able to find more Nike soccer cleats on sale so I roll with those over adidas. But I'm sure I would be happy with the adidas boots too. Long distance running, probably Nike is better out of the two but there are better options out there.

You simply can not say Nike quality is bad because it varies and depends on what you buy. Light weight runners/racer aren't going to last as long. You gotta accept that. A good example is the Nike Yeezy 1&2  is far superior in quality than the adidas yeezys but one is base off of a basketball shoe and adidas is light walking shoes which aren't durable at all and overpriced. 




Reduce the price of your shoes too. I've been buying Osiris shoes from Amazon for the past 3 years on Black Friday and it's been amazing prices. I usually buy 2-4 at a time and they last me until next sale! I don't even consider Nike anymore!(which used to be my favorite high tops)




Maybe not making your shoes cheap crap and not charging out the ass for them might help




Seriously? Who the fuck cares? Probably 75% of the people here had 10 rough business years in a row and don't even earn 0.1% of this guy after his 'paycut'. Why the fuck is this headline worthy? 




Last time I walked into a nike store the shoes were $500.  My nice bussness shoes were $120. 




Ok but he could've cut employees or something else that ruined people's life's instead of his pay




Noble I can respect that. 




Aww how sweet, maybe he can use his millions to help the poor factory workers. I'm not holding my breath. 




They should be able to continue paying their thousands of sweat shop workers for the next 30 or 40 years so.




a) its about damn time

b) i still wonder how many multiples he makes of everyone elses salary. 




Dang, so he'll have to sell 1 out of his 4 vacation homes?  I'd get rid of the one in Aspen.  That place is ghetto as fuck. 
 
/r/firstworldproblems




Now if all CEOs would take that big of a pay cut, the fuckers.




He shoulda donated the difference instead




once 3d printing clothes become mainstream, all those companies will be toast. Your body will be scanned for it's dimensions and the machine will go to work after you've purchased a design from it's catalogue.




ITT: a bunch of alleged men debating the best way to get a good deal on their tacky designer fashion accessories. 




Never see banks do they'd just charge the customer more




This. Every time I go to the Nike store, I'm out within 30 seconds. I get sticker shocked quickly.




Dri-fit is just a fancy word for "polyester" anyway




Serious question. What Costco item is as good as Nike dri fit? I would be very interested to know. 




I don't know about their t-shirt but their shoes are the most comfy shoes I've ever worn. I've tried new balance, Adidas, asics and none of them were as comfy as a Nike.




Nike isn't competing with Costco. They don't want to be a Costco brand. 

The Nike formula is simple, and it's famous in the fashion industry: Make limited premium goods for a premium price ($200+ limited edition shoes), then make less-premium goods for cheaper. That way, people can hype up their expensive goods, but the average consumer can still buy into the brand for a cost, and they still associate the brand with the prestige of their rare goods.

They don't want to dip down to Costco tier items because that hurts the prestige of their brand. 




Look for Nike shoes and clothes in Marshalls or Winners (cdn) 
Usually 30-40% off normal prices (factory outlet prices too)

Can't deny they make a great shoe, everything else is meh




Their running pants are pretty great though. Worth the $60 I think.




Noooooope. I'd rather have longevity than brand name any day.




Their shirts are amazing but the running shoes hurt my feet. They look really nice but they hurt on my long runs.




Amen, not worth the money. Nobody I know in my age generation (millennial) sees the cost value in Nike at their current prices. Shit at $40, a normal tshirt is still more tolerable for the cost savings. The problem is, if the shirt was for flaunting around as a fashion piece, $40 is probably reasonable, but most people want to actually work out multiple times a week, at which point they need multiple shirts as they aren't going to do laundry every day. That's where it gets expensive fast.


But nope, they are blaming that pesty Internet instead of acknowledging they are pricing themselves out of the millennial market.




Exactly I really can't justify the price that I'd have to pay if I were to pick up something from Nike. Here in Singapore a pair of shorts could easily cost $120 or more. Why would I pay so much for a pair when I can just hop on over to Adidas and get something similar at half or 1/4 of the price?




If you want the Nike effect you're better of slaughtering a group of children at an orphanage and wearing their skin 




I might buy more if I could *find* anything in their stores.  I'm convinced they're designed to be as confusing as possible.  Do they think I'll buy more if they can keep me in the building longer, even if I'm confused and can't find anything?

REI's clothing floor has a men's side and a women's side.  Nike stores?  Nope, it's all mixed together, somehow.  There aren't even signs to say which rack is which.  I have to pick up something from the rack and check the tag.

OK, so maybe it's sorted by type of clothing.  Shorts over here, shirts over there?  Nope, that's all mixed up, too.

Ugh, I give up.  What's the organization?  It's by type of sport -- running, basketball, or football.  Fine, but I don't do any of those 3 sports.  I just want a good pair of leggings for the sport I do practice.  So that could be in any of about 6 completely different locations in the store, on any floor.

On second thought, I'll just go order something from Amazon.  There's better selection, better prices, and even with shipping, it'll be quicker.




I live and breathe Costco and I didn't know they had these. Will look for these on my next visit.




Yeah, there's honestly no point in buying their apparel because it's so expensive. Literally any other atheletic wear anywhere else would be cheaper than Nike's.

Only thing that's about worth it is their shoes, but even then you'd better buy it at the employee store for the discount or just find another shoes from somewhere like Adidas.




They do have some comfortable shoes, don't know about clothes. In the end you're just paying for a brand name and advertising for them. Got some shoes today, they're all made in China or Vietnam. I'm sure it's the same for all their products.




They want me to pay 75 for a pair of sweatpants when I bought 3 for 20 at Sears 




Nike sells within the budget range as well, just not in their own stores (which they reserve for the best). If you shop around you can find the cheaper models.




Over priced and nothing fits. I'm 6'2" and sorta fat and a large shirt is still wide and short on me. Xl is fucking huge and barely touches my belt line. Don't they sponsor tall basketball players?  Wtf is everything cut for short people. 




The thing is these companies are in the dark ages. Meaning they THRIVED pre-mass internet shopping/global economy. Your " name" on your product does not mean shit any more because people are not going to pay 100 bucks for shoes when they can essentially get the same ones for 30 that were more than likely made in china. Nike makes shoes in China....random company makes shoes in China.
Nike shoes 100+ random shoes 30 bucks. It is not a hard thing to figure out but I guess being a CEO takes true skill and is super hard thing! They deserve dem millions.




I never buy their stuff at retail cost, but damn. I need a Costco membership. The hotdogs are calling my name




Not all of their stuff is so pricey. They have several tiers of product offerings to expand their consumer base. The stuff you see at Dick's and Kohls is cheaper stuff than you'll see at their more premier outlets like Nike Town. 

Also, $40 for a synthetic "performance" shirt is about the going rate for that type of thing - however unfortunate that may be. I don't think Nike has a pricing problem. It's more likely they have a competition and retail problem. Brands like Under Armour and Lululemon are becoming more popular and Adidas is seeing a bump as well.

Not to mention the shutting down of retailers all over the country is hitting big brands really hard. Source: I worked for The North Face.




Here's some sweet kicks made out of once piece of string…just don't run with them in the fucking rain or some shit! Boom €140! I live in Ireland, one requirement; waterproof. 




I don't think they're innovating as much as adidas. The sneakers game has forgotten a lot of Nike kicks




I only buy Nike at the outlet stores they have. Even then I can get drifit shirts for cheaper at Burlington. 




If you're in Canada, you're looking at $65 for a drift t shirt.  Not a polo. A t shirt.  

A tennis polo costs over $120.  





I don't mind paying extra but durability of their stuff these days is terrible.
Bought a Air Nikes just for walking no "hard work" for them but still after 8 months shit got broke and they cost me 150 euros.




> I can't justify a 40 dollar t-shirt because it's dri-fit and has a Nike logo. 

Call me crazy; but, I find it dumb to not only become a walking billboard for a company, but to actually pay a premium for the "privilege".  




It's not like Nike was even made in the US with proper wage.




In recent years I've moved to Reebok and Converse for lifting/running shoes, otherwise I have a pair of timeless nice work/dress shoes I take to a cobbler every few years to get repaired. Clothing wise, boutique athleisure brands provide great products and good prices.

Nike's name in the age of Amazon is more a liability than an asset. We no longer search for Nike, we search for gym wear and running shoes...




Yeah... I love Nike but can't justify that price. I will only ever buy it if it's at Ross or Marshalls with a reasonable price tag.




How else could the CEO take a 71% pay cut and still be making $13.9 million?




Watch out for those puma socks from costco. 




My college was sponsored by Nike, all the clothes in the book store were just insanely expensive. It meant people never really bought stuff there. $60 for a pair of typical gym shorts with a tiny little swoosh is too much.




I think the same thing about places like Hollister and ambercrombie. Let me pay extra so I can have the entire front of my body be an ad for your brand.  




$40 is a cheap Nike shirt. 




Those 32° COOL shirts at Costco are fucking awesome. Not exactly dry fit, but more comfortable than any dry fit I've ever worn. Two t-shirts for $10. A bought like four packs. 




Yeah... I'm kind of hoping the days of consumers paying outrageous prices to be free advertising for the corporation they are buying from are coming to an end.

If you're walking around in a $30 T-Shit that's nothing but a huge brand placement for the company you bought it from you need to rethink your life.

People are literally buying $6 Hanes Beefy T's for $40 because it has another brands label sewn into it.




>I can't justify a 40 dollar t-shirt because it's dri-fit and has a Nike logo.

IMHO those absorb sweat great, but they get catches in them too quickly, and even when you wash them some times don't get the smell out.

I went back to old cotton t-shirts pretty quickly.

I don't need a $50 workout shirt that in no way helps me lift more weights when I can wear an old college tshirt that's basically free and not have it smell like a coffin full of indian food when it comes out of the wash.

It's dumb.




Not only that, but it's made like shit. Every pair of Nike shoes I have owned literally disintegrated after less than 5 months of use. It's not like I was super hard on them either. I mean i would expect a basketball shoe to not have the soles torn off and eyes ripped open and tongue mesh gray just from playing basketball, but it's happened to every pair of Nike basketball shoes I have owned. Tried one pair of runners and same thing. 




Let's be real though it's not the same quality. There's a definite difference between $12 3 pack of t shirts and a Nike dri fit t shirt. If you've ever worn either for an extended period of time it's ridiculous to think the cheap Walmart tees are anywhere near the same quality. 




In all fairness, my Nike T-shirts from high school (maybe even junior high) are still usable.  For reference I'm 30.  Hanes and Champion are pilled after about 4 washes, fading after a few months, then a year or two the threads are coming undone.




Me at a Nike store:

"Wow, I really like these shoes, it they are less than $100 I'll buy them."

*Looks at price tag*: $320

"I'll see myself out."




Not sure about clothing but with their shoes the best time to buy them online is right before they're about to launch the newer model of the shoe. They have a shoe calendar somewhere on their website. For example, most the running shoes that I like usually come out in March-April, so I buy last year's model in January. They're usually steeply discounted, like $50-$100 cheaper. You just have a much smaller color choice to choose from so you can't be too picky on that aspect. 




Marshall, TJ.Max, slickdeals.net is where I get my clothes. I ani't paying no $150 for a pair of fucking sneakers or $50 for a fucking shirt.




Or $45 gym shorts. Wtf.




Yeah, but you don't become iconic by racing to the bottom quality product/price.




I have those Costco shirts and I would say they are just as good if not better than the Nike Dri-FIT shirts. They aren't as baggy and they seem more durable; I had a few of the Nike shirts start fraying after about a year of use and sometimes they still smelled a little funky after washing them.




You forgot how expensive Jordan throwbacks are?

$500 for sneakers ?




Try Macys, I bought few nice sneakers from finish line inside macys for work for like 50 bucks each.




Shit man, I remember when that used to be minimum wage. Now you can't even afford a couple mansions with that. The cost of living has changed so much. 




He's the head of a huge multinational whose brand name alone is worth something like $20 billion. His decisions affect literally millions of people on a daily basis. 




This is ridiculous... 




Nike treat employees just like slaves




We should set up a gofundme to help him through these hard times.




He's going to have to downsize to store brand caviar and no-name diamonds.




I mean give him some credit, most ceos wouldn't have done the same thing in that situation. 




71% from a substantially large amount is still a substantial amount by our standards 




These type of comments are the reason he shouldn't have taken the pay cut. People are going to whine about it either way. May as well take the money. 




Overpriced, yes, but lacking in quality...Can't say I 100% agree. Hopefully the rise in adidas products and even Reebok and UA in the athletic world will make them change their pricings.




China is actually one of the better if not best producers of clothing in the world. I worked for a menswear company and our sourcing team worked really hard to partner with the quality factories. They're pretty sought after and thus can afford to have higher minimum order requirements which is tough when you're small and why you end buying from Egypt, etc.

China is not shit quality. It hasn't been for a while.




I always used to buy converse shoes.  Then nike bought them and now they're garbage.  




Is adidas any better though? 




Chinese? It was a Nike Bangladesh factory that burned down. They use rockbottom cheapest slave labor they can find.




Still irritates me so much they stopped using a woven swoosh for that shit plastic one that comes off after 5 washes. 




All products were worth their price when they were manufactured here.  The price didn't go down when they starting making them overseas, only the quality went down.




Absolutely. It was such a scrappy company starting out and so close to failure so many times. Excellent book.




Best book of 2016 imo. 




Best book of 2016 imo




Best book of 2016 imo




It was hot alright, especially when worn in the Texas heat 




Kanye effect




3 stripe hype




ever since they got Nike's lead shoe designer they have been really improving





I thought it was nearly 700 times.




To be fair, due to globalisation the corporations are a lot bigger than they used to be. 

(Doesn't justify such a massive discrepancy though but just to put things into perspective)




There is justification tho...it's what the board/owners want to pay them. 




"I'm in charge of this company, I will extract every dollar I can from it." Why does there need to be any more justification than that?




Average us household income: 52.000 USD

This guy: 13.900.000

Ratio:. 1:309.0262338817

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Personal_income_in_the_United_States

[unrelated](http://i.imgur.com/QdlRGbh.png)




Many companies back in 1940 didn't have anywhere near the amount of employees they have today nor the amount of other hurdles like regulations. It's a lot more to manage, therefore should deserve more pay.

Now, 300x? That's debatable whether or not it's worth that much. But 100x, I'm not mad about that.




First, there doesn't need to be justification.

Second, where are gains in productivity and revenue coming from? Pro tip it's not work level in origin. It's strategic and capital investment in origin.




The guy just took a 70% pay cut.....isn't that what you want????




Source me blazer




Why isn't it justified?




His pay is what the market will bear. That is the simple justification.




Companies today are much larger due to globalization and consolidation.




Yes there absolutely is justification. The main predictor of CEO is organization size, compare the Fortune 500 in 1970 to today. By both headcount and more importantly revenue these are much larger firms. 




Companies have determined that increasing pay to attract and retain top executive talent is worth it. 




What exactly is there to "justify"?




It's the CEO's/board's decision. That's the juatification.




idk pretty sure you can make the justification Nike's CEO is worth more than 300 random employees. Nike has 62,000 employees worldwide




It probably is connected to how many CEOs there are at any one time. The CEOs take the pay off their acquired companies. The one multinational company to buy up everyone will get all the CEO money. 




If you look at how salaries are structured, you'll see adjusted for inflation they're making the same in actual $ figures each year. Where the jump has happened was in stock options. Executives are getting them and regular employees are not.




I think they would disagree over at the_donald. Rich people earned their money all by themselves and would never rip off the consumer. Plus they will trickle wealth all over us. It's a win win for everyone!




Saucony? Salomon?




You like comfy shoes? Look at the Adidas Ultra Boost. Retail price is $180 and sometimes $190 but they are worth it. The sole material is squishy for lack of a better word and the insole has good cushion. Also the material is knit so you can just throw em in the washing machine to clean em. I've had my pair for a year now and they feel amazing still. They're sold in pretty much every footlocker or champs, also always sold in the Adidas stores I've been in. I'm pretty bad with review but if you are interested in the shoe I can give some info on it. 




I had their running shoes and the only reason why I have to buy new ones is because the sole was worn off from running. I really don't see the bad quality so many people seem to experience in here.

Even their jogging wear is still perfectly fine and has been for over 2 years now. They are more expensive but I never had to replace any of their items over the years except the shoes.




I still have my 40$ pair of nikes I got when I was 17 and aside from the tread being worn out, they're still in really good shape. I'm 20 now.




been using one pair of nikes off and on for over 15 years which i use at the gym, on an irrelevant note i just bought a new pair of jordans though that i only wear when dressing up and going out




I had this *exact* experiencing with the stitching/thread.

Garbage quality 




Finding some good /r/frugal advice here tho




Hey, it's Reddit, where everyone thinks capitalism is worse than Hitler and anyone who makes over $1,000,000 a year must eat babies for breakfast every day




Remember that article about the Nintendo CEO taking a paycut and how praised he was? 

I'm like... Good on you. Taking a pay cut instead of downsizing. 




Kanye switching to Adidas and the rise of Adidas as a result if you really want to know. Yeah, it was over a year ago, but the results are happening now and boost is the craze.




Honestly neither one had a "bad" year, they just didn't meet the insane expectations they both placed on themselves. Nike has had a goal of $50B in sales for their 2020 target which was VERY aggressive. They're not meeting their targets but don't kid yourself, they're still making truckloads of money.

Sort of similar situation for UA, they had a steady growing business for years until a guy named Steph Curry came along and gave them a huge boost in a big market. Last year, Durant came to town and all of a sudden Steph isn't the biggest name on the Warriors anymore which started eating into Curry's sales. That added to their CEO making some controversial comments and other companies' baselayer products continuing to take market share from UA's main bread and butter adds up to falling short of their huge growth over the last couple years. Doesn't help that they're overextending themselves by growing very quickly (new product development center in Portland for example).

Also, the basketball footwear market as a whole is on the decline due to the increase in casual sportswear and running sales which is a big portion of both brands business, with Jordan Brand being an exception; I believe they're still doing alright despite flooding the market with retros.

Adidas and other brands are also on the rise which is taking market share, but that's not as substantial as some of my other reasons noted.

Of course there are plenty more factors as well but those are some of the main reasons.

Edit: UA has indeed had a terrible year. My point why still stands but damn, they're doing shitty. 




It's the rise of BBB. 




I'd buy more Nike products if not for this, I just can't justify the cost. 




> and at least the Nike CEO is willing to trim from the top

Where in the article does it say that the CEO cut his own pay? Most likely his pay is tied to company performance.




And much of this throughout the years has been manufactured by child labor and in sweatshops with slave labor. And these are facts but I'll bet I still get downvoted anyway.




> we're paying a premium for that.

For that and their mega advertising campaigns, huge endorsement deals with sports clubs like Manchester United and star athletes like Michael Jordan. We're paying for the products yes but also for the brand and prestige attached to it.

Their design and innovation budgets may be massive for the clothing industry but really peanuts in the economy at large. It's not like they are breaking new ground in medical research or developing next-generation space rockets. It's even less impressive if you amortize these costs across the volume of items that they ship out. It probably works out to just a few cents per hoodie or sneaker pair.




I am assuming that you are an employee of some kind? If so, this post is pathetic. If not...why are you bothering win this? People are using this to spew negativity because, frankly, they already don't buy Nike products. Your post will not convince anyone to work a second job to be able to afford your products, and your post will not overcome the negativity associated with your brand from decades of bad behavior. 






It's a bad year in comparison to their market goals.  Nike is still raking in tons of cash.




>     In June, Nike announced plans to lay off more than 1,000 workers.
> 
> 
> 
> Fuck you.

Well, I mean, children do grow up at some point.




Still better than the Corning CEO when I worked for them (7-ish years ago). They laid off a ton of people *AND* the CEO got a raise.




Honestly, I don't think you're being fair.  There is some merit to the earnings CEOs make, and taking a 70% pay cut probably allowed them to reduce the number of workers they'll have to lay off.

Layoffs aren't a crime - they're a part of doing business.  Laying off 1,000 workers is not ruining 1,000 lives - these people will find new jobs.

It's easy to demonize a wealthy CEO, but face it:  If you could make millions of dollars every month, you would absolutely do it.  And if you are in charge of a company that produces billions of dollars in revenue, you get a cut of the profits, and sometimes that cut is 8-figures.

And 1,000 workers isn't that substantial.  Nike will go from having 62,600 employees to having 61,600 employees.

The CEO took a 70% pay cut, and the company will reduce its workforce by 1.6%.




Many major businesses are always reorganizing regardless of CEO pay

A worker that is no longer needed will still be cut




To be fair he probably didn't have to take a pay cut. And he's probably not renting a studio apartment and driving to work in a 96 civic.

Yea, he's making more money than I'll ever make but it's still really cool and no reason for him to go into bankruptcy for Nike.




How stupid can you be? Nike is a brand all over globally and clothe millions if not close to billions of people. This guy can have 13 million for running such a large and important business. He even takes a pay cut for a bad year and you still have the nerve him to say "fuck you". 




I for one am shocked and appauled that the CEO of one of the biggest companies in the world makes millions of dollars! He should be making minimum wage!




Hey! I don't get paid $13million a year! That's not fair!

He got to that place in his life by working hard. I believe CEOs can be payed whatever they want as long as the business can justify it financially. It's there business.




Typical liberal retardation...thinks the person who runs a global corporation should be paid the same amount as the person who can't make a burger properly. They've been adding jobs for years and this guy took a 71% paycut for millions, that's probably a barrier that stopped thousands of job cuts on its own. 

TLDR liberal retards are retarded 




Right because taking a 70 percent pay cut definately didnt prevent a substansially larger layoff. And losing **3 quarters** of your earnings to prevent more layoffs then needed is still a fipshit move. Rather than day giving yourself a raise




He's the head of one of the biggest companies in the entire world....13.9MM is actually very reasonable.




14 million isnt really that much. 




When I read 70% pay cut. I just knew his new salary would still be insane, but I hadn't expected fuckery of this order. 

I mean, it's great that he reduces it. But it may just be a little bit insane how much he was making in the first place.

It's actually a 1000x what a regular well paid worker makes.  




Yeah, I feel so sorry for him... 




I remember them getting boycotted over labor practices clear back in the 90s. I stopped buying their products then, and have rarely bought any since.




What about those Zoom 4% running shoes they just released with the new Zoom X cushioning. I've heard people saying it's more comfortable or at least comparable to boost




Horseshoes lmaoo I love it. Totally see it. Thought they looked like Goofys teeth to me. 




What an endorsement! 




Stock options and performance bonuses seem like a completely reasonable payment method for a CEO. It likely makes pay much more correlated with competency. This post comes off like you are upset with the fact that people are paid money for a job. 




Wouldn't you much rather have the CEO's pay linked to the company's performance instead of a fixed amount/salary?




Fuck that. Government shouldn't be allowed to limit how much money you can have or make.




Isn't that true for most things made in China tho?




Dudes running a fucking huge successful company, damn right he deserves it.




Still a better gesture than most CEOs




And if you'd actually bother to read the article you'd know that you're wrong. But hey, read a headline about a guy making the right choice for once, then go fill the comments section with your tiny meaningless and uninformed rage and waste everybody's time. It's the reddit way.




Sounds like they should cut prices not paychecks. 




I agree with you about Converse. The new ones are terrible.

But, with Vans it's kind of the same problem. The original Vans company got bought out in the late 80s and the owners now aren't really all that much different than Nike regarding quality or manufacturing.

With the shoe industry in general it's pretty much a no win situation if you don't want to support companies that either exploit workers or just charge too much for a cheaply made product. For me, I just buy whatever is comfortable that's on sale but usually still wear vans classics. I've been wearing them for a long time but I don't really have any brand loyalty. I just like the look of them.




Nike owns Converse.




No.  Wall street values efficiency and profits.




What taxes are being dodged?




That's not how that works at all.  Not even close. 




That's not a tax dodge.

You have every right to sell your shares in a company, but it would be very unwise for a CEO to start selling tens millions of dollars worth of his stake in the company, because those stocks are what give him decision-making power.




Until exposed to the outside.




Why would a CEO, or anybody, work for free?




Tough day of blaming the world for your problems? 




If those are Chuck's they are owned by Nike. 




He did. They trimmed something like 6 percent of their work force and slashed marketing programs across the board, which has had trickle down impacts on related industries throughout the region. He shit the bed and it's a big fucking bed. 




I'm lucky enough to live within driving distance of 2 Nike clearance stores. Definitely makes their shit more affordable. 




Nike has its own stores? I thought it was just a brand. No wonder they had a bad year.




I'd pretty much only buy shoes and basketball shorts from Nike, and I'm starting to think otherwise on the shorts.




Dri-fit, Flash-dry, Clima-cool, Threadborne, etc etc etc.

Yep, all the same shit. Some of the polyester is actually higher quality or different denier, but mostly the same. 




Spot on.  And the branding just seems off in a world with more upscale, higher quality workout wear.  I had initially assumed dri-fit would be something at least a little special, since Nike isn't a cheap brand.  Then I saw some dri-fit t shirts first hand and I just don't get it.  They don't feel premium at all.  They feel cheap, even...yet they're not, price wise.




Nothing. Nike higher end shirts and shorts that you actually use to exercise are excellent and very comparable in price to the other higher end brand brands. If you are wearing them as casual shirts, then yes it's probably not worth the price. 




Not OP but im a huge fan of the 32deg brand t-shirts they have sometimes. It's like a 2 pack for like $8-$9 and they feel absolutely fantastic. Not much in the way of design but they fit and feel great with no branding.




a cotton tshirt is great for working out in. Your body is supposed to sweat when you are working it hard, and I don't need 'aerodynamics' with slim fitting clothes. i embrace the extra air resistance as it makes me work harder. unless you want to look cool with your workout gear a normal pair of gym shorts and a tshirt work great for getting a good burn going for 1/3 the price 




Basically anything that Costco makes is as good as a named brand.  Kirkland brand stuff is good shit. 




The new adidas shoes are way better in terms of comfort and shock absorption.  The proprietary tech they have for the soles is unmatched right now.




Nike's are too narrow for my weird feet but their clothes are super comfy and functional. I am fortunate to get a couple passes to the employee store in Beaverton every year.




It's just that Nike fits *your* feet better and other brands.  Specifically in the high-performance running shoe department, Nike shoes are built much much narrower and a bit longer than most other brands.  A standard size 9 in NB would be a 10-10.5 in a Nike Free running shoe.  But for many people, making this compromise to get the correct width in a Nike, still means a shoe that's too long but still pinches their pinkie toe.

It's similar to the motorcycle helmet market where Shoei helmets fit people with narrow oblong heads and Arai helmets better fit people with broad rounded heads.




No. Honestly, a company resting on their laurels.




They also make the best skate shoes IMO, I've probably had 20+ pairs of Nike SB's by now and they're always super comfy and much more durable than cheaper skate shoes like vans. They're more expensive because they're worth it. 




If you're willing to spend the money, buy Adidas Ultra Boosts. Most comfortable shoes I've ever worn. I used to wear Nikes while pushing carts at Costco and my feet were always in constant pain. I took a gamble and saved the money for the Ultra Boosts and now my feet dont even hurt by the time I get home. 




You should try ASICS and Saucony shoes. Thought I loved Nike and Adidas till I got a pair of ASICS.  




The adidas ultraboost are better 




this comment brought to you by nike.

Anyway, NB ftw. 




Shit I thought I was on /r/sneakers until this comment...




Get some custom or semi-custom inserts.  You'll never go back, plus you can put them in most any shoe (that fits) 




They're shit for any distance running. 




Bruh, try Brooks.

My "[Men's Addiction 12 Running Shoes](http://www.brooksrunning.com/en_us/brooks-addiction-12-mens-running-shoes/110196.html?dwvar_110196_size=15.0&dwvar_110196_color=095#prefn1=arch&prefn2=size&prefv3=support&prefv1=Flat&prefv2=15.0&prefn3=ssSupportLevel&start=8)" are the comfiest shoes I've ever owned.  I used to be a Nike guy because their shoe profile suits my long skinny flat feet, but in the last few years their quality has degraded a lot.  I don't even need to use my sole inserts with these Brooks shoes.




Just got a pair of Roshe 2, I now know what comfort feels like.




dude adidas lately shits on nike in terms of comfort




Asics are such a good shoe. You should go to a running shoe store. They will hook you up.




Definitely true. I've always been and Under Armour fanboy but Nike makes far better shoes. 




Nike shoes are definitely high quality, but shoes are a lower margin item than apparel.




Brooks for the win.




Nike shoes don't last very long though...




I'm a Reebok guy myself. I swear by these DMX Max walking shoes and the running shoes I got from them (using twice a week) lasted me like six years.




I can't wear any Nike  shoes because they refuse to make wide size shoes or if they do, no retailer stocks them at all :/




r/hailcorporate




Are you fucking kidding?




Wear a pair of chuck Ts




Yup, my sister once got me a pair of Nike runners as a gift. I didn't wear them for months because i hated the colour and detested Nikes business ethics. Eventually i had nothing else to wear to mow the lawn / do other dirty jobs, so i started wearing them for that. Then i started boxing and running, and i started wearing them for that.     That was 2 years ago and since then ive put them through hell, but they are still holding up very well and are as comfortable as ever. Compare that to the two pairs of New Balance sneakers i got, both of which had the soles begin to peel off at the front within 2 months.




That's the entire point - charging people more money for the logo than the product might not be a sustainable business strategy during periods of economic uncertainty.




There are many far far better running shoes




Pricing themselves out of the millennial market? Sorry, but as the manager of a retail store that carries a lot of Nike fitness apparel and NSW apparel (their fashion line), I can say with absolute certainty that the millennials have zero issue paying $40 for that t-shirt if it appeals to them. Same with the shoes. The people who have an issue with the price points are generally older folks who see less value in the name and style of the product, which is a legitimate viewpoint.

The real reason Nike is floundering is because Retro Jordan sales went soft, and new product (such as the VaporMax) hasn't made up enough ground on the new hotness, which is Adidas boost footwear, among others.




$40 for a shirt is nothing when it comes to fashion, it's definitely not unreasonable. And I'm not sure what you mean when you mention laundry. Most people own more than one shirt, and shirts last several years.

And I wouldn't say they're floundering with the millennial market. Their stock hit an all-time company high in late 2015. Their consumers know that they're paying a premium for a swoosh. 




Because you're not comparing apple to apple. Adidas high end stuff is just as expensive as Nike. All the top sporting brands (ASICS, saucony, Mizuno, underarmor, etc) are all very comparable in pricing. 




Yea I have had the problem where the Nike DriFit shirts after a wash smell funny and this was with standard Tide detergent. The Tide Febreeze variant worked wonders but you have to wonder if the synthetic nature of the shirt is somehow trapping bacteria and not allowing it to actually get cleaned.




What's the product name?




That's not how units of labor and productivity work, and the President should make $10 trillion by that logic.




He is the CEO of a global company and not some McDonalds worker, what do you expect?




Gave LeBron a billi not to run away




I thought Nike employees were slaves? 




"No one had any idea having this much money could be so hard." -rich guy




Kroger Diamonds. Kirkland Caviar. What a bum 




it's funny. When there was a TIL post about Iwata cutting his salary after the bad Wii U sales people were proud of him, yet when the Nike CEO does the same thing people take the piss. Iwata was a great person of course, but come on...




If his pay works anything like the pay for CEOs at most companies, the vast majority of his compensation comes from LTIP (long term incentive plan). Basically the way it works is you have a set of goals that you have to hit in a year, and the more of those goals you hit, the higher your compensation is.

In other words, he probably didn't cut his own pay. His LTIP probably just took a nosedive this year due to poor results.




For a while Nike's quality fell quite a bit.  My shirts would wear down and rip from just general gym training, shorts would ball up faster than normal, some of my shoes squeeked, etc.

So who knows?  I was looking around for gym bag reviews and apparently Addidas actually makes one of the more durable bags on the market, that is decently priced.

The other brands are catching up.


Not to mention Boost shoes are basically taking a chunk out of Nike.  Their Jordan releases are basically flooding the market and none of them are really "collectable" anymore.  Constant reissues.




Had a pair of nike's fall apart very fast. The threading was terrible and started fraying




Adidas and others do the same sort of crazy pricing though. Saw a pair of trainers sit at £100 for about a year before they dropped recently to £65, which is a huge drop in price but still a shit load of money for trainers. 




Love my Nike shoes. 




Problem is people who can only afford to buy shit quality goods complain they're shit quality.  They don't want to pay for good quality goods. 




Converse has always been garbage.




I must say I got a pair of pumas and they've held out longer than any other shoe I've had. I still use them almost on a daily




Adidas are solid, imo.




Their weightlifting shoes seem to be taking a shit. 




All day I dream about sex, baby 




[deleted]




Nike has never manufactured a product in the USA. Nike products were always intended to be made overseas. The entire business model was Phil Knight's MBA thesis.




Latest numbers I saw in the US were roughly 280:1. But that varies drastically by industry. For instance retail is something like 1500:1 depending on the rules for counting employees. 




This exactly it's impossible to compare when company sizes have increased over the same period.




I'm sure some boards have tried to save money by hiring cheaper CEOs, and perhaps it didn't turn out as well as they hoped.




Except your job is to literally maximize every dollar *for the business*.




That line of thinking taken to its conclusion is how you get dragged out of your house by hungry employees 




I partially agree. But how do you explain those whose company is failing, lays off their workers and then give the top level raises.

Being CEO almost seems like win/win. 

(I know being CEO is incredibly stressful and they should be well compensated for it, but seriously, CEO's failures are being reward, come on)




[deleted]




[deleted]




[deleted]




True, but how do you explain all the shitty CEOs that still get massive payouts for doing a crappy job?

See: Golden Parachute. Could it be that CEO value is inflated and gives too much bargaining power to the CEO?




And yet, even with all the layoffs related to M&A, the workers don't seem to get the salaries of the people who were laid off.




Saucony! That's the brand! The shoes I got are ugly as sin but man oh man are they comfortable. 




Sammy, slappy, swanson....SAMSONITE




I'll check them out. The day I got the asics and the sucony I had tried on a few pairs of adidas and they just weren't as comfortable.  When it's time to buy new shoes I had planned on trying adidas or new balance  




Everything about this is true, except for the insole. Take it out and hold up that piece of fuckin construction paper to your face and tell me it has good cushion.

Luckily the Boost outer sole more than makes up for it and the shoe still feels like heavenly clouds, but come on. You would think a ~200 dollar shoe would have a better insole than that.




Do you like the Ultra Boost for athletic stuff or just day to day sneakers? 

I run about 4-5 times a week outside and go to the gym the other two days. My feet are destroyed and I've been looking for more comfortable shoes to work out in.




I don't run but I actually buy their running shoes because they are usually lighter and hold up better. We bought 4 pairs on the same day. 2 for me and 2 for my husband and we both experienced the same thing, within 6 weeks all 4 pairs were coming apart. 

When we finally gave up and went shopping again I bought myself two different pairs of shoes and my husband bought the male version of my asics. All 3 pairs have held up beautifully and it's been 2 years. That's the quality I used to get from Nike. 




They used to be great. My mom would buy me a pair at the beginning of the school year and I'd wear them daily and they would hold up until it was time to buy me another pair the next school year. 

Too bad they have decided to cut too many corners, honestly though I don't know if I'd go back to buying Nike if they improved the quality. I've wasted too much money on their product. 




Yes. I was just on Jeff bezos's page. Everyone was hating on him because he makes more in an hour than we make in 50 years. But somehow that's his fault. 




The grass is always greener. None of these dweebs would want to put in the 16 hour days that come with that position though.




Underarmour had a really really bad year. It's 52 week high was 42 and it's now valued at 17




I think it might also be a generational thing? Much like the "levi's" effect?

eg. in the 90's and 00's it was cool to wear nikes - Starting with MJ and then the following years after that.

Now the kids that adore nikes are dads/mums and no kid wants to wear the same stuff as their parents do. Hence adidas/UA getting some traction...

If nike were smart this would be the perfect time to rep their own converse brand (they own it)




I agree with you on that, it seems likely a pay-tied-to-performance scenario.

My point with my original comment is exactly that a pay-performance policy should exist. There have been far too many incidences where executive leadership remained untouched, or even received bonuses, in spite of their respective companies failing to meet their financial goals, which obviously should never be the case.




I'm not an employee of Nike, nor am I a brand ambassador in any capacity, but I do work in the fashion industry, and am aware of big players in the market.

If, as you say, "People are using this to spew negativity because, frankly, they already don't buy Nike products.", why would you then spew negativity about something for which you know nothing about or have no familiarity with? Having a point of view, and a matter of perspective, comes with being informed, not simply making empty statements without supporting information. That's why portions of the internet, and in some ways the world, are such deluges of vitriol, statements without thought processes.

While I agree with you, Nike still has a dark cloud of 'social responsibility' hanging over its head, after incidences like the child-labor debacle of the 90's, even companies should be allowed to redeem themselves. Nike did a top-to-bottom scrub of their manufacturing and production policies to ensure all their partners were held to new standards, because consumers voted with their wallets and voiced their anger. I know this because now, if I work with a overseas manufacturer who is also partnering with Nike, I know that the factory has been thoroughly vetted, their QC is diligent, and the quality of their work is impeccable; and there is a cost to this, on the company and consumer side.

We would all love to live lives of pure social responsibility/accountability, but can you say with complete certainty that everything you own, everything you eat, everything you use, was produced in a manner free of any critical judgement? Of course not, none of us can make that claim. And to blindly attack others without understanding the context sets a dangerous precedence.

I'm not attempting to convince anyone to buy, or support, anything. But I do think it's important for people to be well-informed before they speak.




Unfortunate that you were laid off, but I have to disagree with the example. Corning is a great company. The CEO (Weeks) has been there since 05 and R+D is a top priority (10% of yearly revenue straight to r+d) They have been making some impressive advances with fiber optics, durable phone screens, and car windshields. Not only that, they are working on mercury abatement, invented pyrex, and made the glass for the Hubble telescope. 




Hard to keep a good CEO around when a business is failing and he can get the same pay at a competing more stable company. He probably won't stick around when you cut his pay without the incentive of a bonus if he sticks it out.




> And 1,000 workers isn't that substantial. Nike will go from having 62,600 employees to having 61,600 employees.

Its also ignoring the fact that Nike has been adding jobs like crazy for years - [here](https://www.statista.com/statistics/243199/number-of-employees-of-nike-worldwide/).  

Additionally due to federal labor laws, you must announce layoffs, but mass hirings are not announced.  As such its *extremely* common for companies that are undergoing layoffs to *still* be adding to headcount in total. 




Good luck trying to convince Reddit and their superior business knowledge on stuff like this. 

Ex: A CEO takes a paycut and a single worker gets laid off? Evil. 




Yeah, some CEOs deserve the pitchforks, but you need to remember the following things:

1. A CEO is the head of the company. Anything goes wrong its their fault and they will deal with it publically. 

2. They aren't sitting around doing fuck all. They are coordinating a multi million/billion dollar company. The amount of pressure and stress that would cause is something most of us would have never experienced in our lives.

3. His paycut would mean hundreds of people will get to keep their jobs. He could have done nothing he isnt obligated to cut his pay.




HOW DARE YOU assume I would take a job that pays millions a month instead of working at a shitty retail store!!! I HAVE MORAL FIBERS, I EAT MY WHEATIES EVERY MORNING!




To play devil's advocate:

I think the general argument isn't what's fair, more what's comparing "necessity" to "practicality."  I can understand both arguments: the company earns X profits, a CEO is a large part of that, they should be paid commensurate with the value they bring to the company and the good-will they generate, among other things.

The other argument, as most Americans are already aware, the 1% more or less hoards their assets and, to those outside, has accepted greed as normalcy.  I wouldn't think it is fair to lump all wealthy people under the same bubble, but I think the general argument against this would be: that sort of money as a salary isn't necessary, perhaps excessive, and it might be more useful from a societal-benefit notion to spread some of it out amongst the workforce.

As the country has faced a disappearing middle class to an extent, and executive salaries have sky-rocketed in the last few decades, it is easy to see why people aren't keen on the idea of CEOs making as much as they do, regardless of the apparent gains they create.

I do think your notion that everyone would take millions per month if they could is a bit off-base, as context does matter.  The idea that lay-offs can't or shouldn't happen is without basis, however.  In an ideal world, no, they probably wouldn't, but business can never operate with that sort of mentality.

In summation: I'd say it is easy to see both sides of this coin.  It's also easy for people who feel they are being pushed aside or even conned by those in charge, in favor of their own interests, to be upset with these sorts of figures.  Unfortunately, Americans also have corporate interests exerting control over their politicians, so it isn't too surprising to see some backlash against big-business.

What's right or wrong is a difficult question to answer.




Not only that, but if u pay every workee $30K a year, that's literally $30,000,000 that they saved from getting rid of the guys. Which is roughly the same amount that the CEO lost. 

Chances are, these workers are paid even more than $30K, so it is potentially a much greater save for the company 

Edit: given info given by others about employee salary, a worker would cost around $100K with about 15K in benefits

$115,000,000  saved by Nike.

Thanks everyone for the info!




Hey man they fire employes they must be satan himself.

You cant do anything right with these children on reddit. If Nike would not drop any workers and would shut down in a few years, everyone would again be blaiming the CEO for bad decisions.




>It's easy to demonize a wealthy CEO, but face it: If you could make millions of dollars every month, you would absolutely do it.

This is just me, /u/boilermaker11, speaking in 2017 where I only make roughly the median average salary in America. But, knowing the value of the dollar, from my upbringing, and how much merely doubling my salary would have me set (as in, I'd never want for anything), I could see myself capping my salary out at $1 million flat, a year, if I became a CEO of some big company. Nearly $51,000/month (after taxes, if I did the math correctly) is just an absurd amount of money. The kind of house that I currently would like to ultimately live in? I could buy it probably in cash in less than a year.

Now, I know the saying "money changes people", and if I ever got to that level, I may then want more. But it's just so hard to see, considering the magnitude of how much money that is. If I made $1 million a year for 10 years, I could completely see myself being set for life. And with that mentality, the other $12.9 million (or ~$44 million, as his previous salary was around $45 million) could be used to save those 1,000 jobs. 




"There is some merit to the earnings CEOs make"

No there isn't. There is no reason a single person who is the head of a company which relies on sweat shop labour and other unethical labour practices to generate profits should get paid the GDP of a small country every year. This is capitalism gone insane. And "you'd take the money too if you could" is not a valid defense. 




Alright Mark Parker, give it up, we know it's you.




I'm sure this'll be a comfort to the 1000 people being laid off. 

If I could make millions a month I'd do it too, but I'd fully expect people to deamonize me for it.  




Nike is going down, Adidas is destroying it.

Everyone loves adidas right now & hates Under Armour after those Trump remarks.

With that said, I hope Adidas comes close to Nike and then they both begin to compete hard. Competition is always good.




holy shhhhit did you grow up in like 1890 or something? Dude makes like HUNDREDS of times the amount of the average person he employs and your point-of-view is "hey business as usual!" do you personally need to die or something before you grasp the concept that  something is actually fucked up about the current situation or are you some sort of fucking moron?




Unbelievable. He should be taxed to fuck on those earnings. Anything over 10 million should be heavily taxed. And you patting his back?  
  Who pats your fucking back, who sticks up for your class? No one, and yet here we are holding this guy up like a fuckin white knight. Bollox 




No, we should raise minimum wage to his salary! Duh




A lot of people work hard and don't make $13 million a year AFTER a 71% pay cut. And it does make a difference. Everything is relative, and the relative pay difference in the US is causing class warfare. The notion that unbridled salaries and over compensated CEOs doesn't have a negative social impact is ludicrous. 




A regular well-paid worker where? In Ukraine? $14k is definitely not well-paid in the US. 




[So you're saying it's not a big deal?](http://southpark.cc.com/clips/103759/not-a-big-deal)




Then the government needs to stop manipulating the market at all. The government manipulates the market in a ton of ways that you're either ok with or don;t know about. If they didn't do the bail outs in 2008 the economy would have completely collapsed and people would have suffered tremendously and CEO pay would have collapsed as well. But Uncle Sam came in and bailed out the rich and we just went through some hard times instead of severe. You don't have a free market and never will. Corporations have always and always will take advantage of us and there will always be sheep that stick up for them.




It was done after WWII to deal with the impact on the economy of returning veterans. The government can and should tax CEOs and executives to reduce the disparity in wages that is helping to cause the loss of the middle class. Congress has a fiduciary duty to regulate interstate commerce, and that can include wages. Government is there to control capitalism and guide it, because on its own it becomes toxic. 




> he deserves it

[So those sweatshops in Vietnam are not the real reason for his success?](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nike_sweatshops) The only challenge to his job is being able to live with himself knowing full well he is a selfish greedy piece of shit.




Strange, My recently purchased vans are pretty durable/better quality than the convers on the market, maybe it's just me. I only recently started wearing the brand.




Didn't know that! Converse are super popular too. 




So how come so many failed leaders of failed companies get huge bonus packages and golden parachutes. How is that efficient?




The ones where you pay taxes for earning a lot of money. By this logic, I dodge taxes every year by making less than the CEO of NIKE




Not quite, it's the board of directors that give him decision-making power.




Bullshit. I used them all through out the year - in rain and snow and they never broke as a result. My Converse/Lacoste fell apart few months into use. I had a pair of Nikes for 2.5 years until they broke. 




[deleted]




Yeah, that's what I said.  
  Good job




Which is why their quality went to shit.




its affordable because its shit meant to be sold in those clearance stores, less quality 




The Nike outlet near me is really expensive compared to the under armor next door. Why would i pay $30 for a shirt when i could pay $20 right next door? 




You must live in the bay.




[deleted]




Since I can only imagine these stores being in malls, no good. Malls will soon be a thing of the past.




Have you seen outlet stores before? Plenty of manufacturers have them in malls.




yea they're kind of weird stores too. no idea why they thought it would be a good idea but the one I was at was busy as hell.




>Threadborne

I loved this one from Under Armour.  Originally their cotton is the enemy t shirts circa 2007 came out, then they changed them to their charged cotton line and now suddenly they're back with Threadborne.  Threadborne is identical to the old poly shirts except with flat seams and they're charging a 10 to 20 dollar premium for it. 




Aren't they supposed to be more breathable than Champion, and other cheaper brands? Dri-Fit polos seemed to dominate middle-aged Scottsdale this summer. 




Yeah, I have the cheaper dri fit shirts and workout shorts and I have a couple of Nike dri fit shirts and shorts from some gift cards.  The TB Bucs dri fit that I got from Nike is my favorite thing to wear in my entire wardrobe. 

The Nike stuff feels way more comfortable and has outlasted a couple of the other shirts.  Me thinks people just want to shit on a popular brand. 






I can second this.  I saw them walking into costco and these shirts feel amazing and look very good for ~$4/shirt.  I swear costco has the best deals on everything.  I hope they never change.




I don't think you understand the point of wicking shirts aka dri fit.  The body sweats to transfer heat from your body to the sweat droplets which are then evaporated cooling you.  This adaptation came before the advent of shirts.  In a cotton shirt this sweat is absorbed by the shirt or trapped in between your body and the shirt.  Sweat doesn't evaporate and because of that you get hotter.  A dri fit shirts wicks the sweat away from between your body and the shirt allowing that heat transfer to occur and eventually be evaporated hence cooling you.  Run like 10 miles in 80 degree heat in both a cotton and a wicking shirt you will be able tell the difference.  Heat exhaustion has no benefit for exercising.




No, it's not. I sweat a lot and need something that allows me to dry. Not soak it all up like a towel. 




Don't get me wrong, I'm down with Costco. I have a large, veiny boner for it. But, I've never seen shirts for running as good as Nike dri-fit anywhere. If Costco makes one, please send me the link because I'll buy it right now. 




Boost soles are phenomenal. 

But, I've always thought Adidas was more comfortable than Nike.




I actually think Adidas in general are doing some really good stuff right now. I haven't tried their shoes but I got some shirts and shorts which were reasonably priced and are very comfortable.




Boost is not good for support and longer distance. It's comfortable for light runs and everyday walking. 




[deleted]




Do they still have that crazy high arch? I had an old pair of Adidas that I loved except for that arch. It took months to break them.




I own three pairs of Free Runs, and three pairs of NMDs. The Nikes haven't been getting any love since I started buying Adidas again.




I've switched to hiking boots for everyday wear a bit over a year ago and have never looked back.




Same here. I wear KEEN shoes. Super comfortable, super wide, sometimes weird design but so far very durable.




[deleted]




I'm probably dating myself here, but etnies were the shit back in my day.




thoughts on adidas?? I actually like vans the most but they wear down ridiculously fast.. which is why I like Nikes the best all around but some people insist adidas, particularly busenitz are the best and comfiest skate shoes they own. Idk, I tried a pair of busenitz pros and wasn't really sold on them. 




Most definitely, super good for skating and confy right out of the box 




I have a pair of 5 year old SB's right now that still look respectably nice even after near daily use. 




Especially when they did the Janoski with Pendleton wool. 




Do you have an Amazon link to the shoes you're referring to? 




> > I've tried new balance, Adidas, asics and none of them were as comfy as a Nike.
>
> You should try ASICS and Saucony shoes. Thought I loved Nike and Adidas till I got a pair of ASICS.

I'm sure sunny001 will get right on that.




Nope, no wide shoes. Most other major running brands make wide. But Nike seems to be more interested in fashion than function and comfort, so I guess we know where it's gotten them. 

I'm not sure how much overlap there is between the markets for Brooks, Altra or new balance (wide running shoes) and the market for nike....  Seems the demographics are intentionally different and Nike is going to have to go through a major identity change if they want to cater to a larger portion of the running crowd...




Which are owned and manufactured and have been redesigned by Nike. 




>charging people more money for the logo than the product might not be a sustainable business strategy

As a salesperson, this type of strategy works. Because people. Economics play a part of this, true, but premium brands already make bank.




Right they should slash their prices and become low quality brand, cut all their celebrity endorsements and sell their shit at Costco. Surely that will improve things!




Nike is a mid-premium brand, not low-tier brand. They have a strong brand name, and will keep on monetizing on that. Slashing prices and removing their brand is a stupid move no company with a strong goodwill will do.




It worked fine for them during the 2007 Great Recession.

The bottom line here (and with fashion in general) is if you can't afford it, it's not marketed to you. That's how they maintain their status. Not that Nike is the best example of a high fashion brand or anything, but they do want to set a standard. 




Examples? I use Nike's Structure but I would gladly explore other alternatives.




I'm curious about the ratio of millennials to folks in their late 30s and older, when it comes to buying expensive brand names.




VaporsMax squeek.  Nike basically also destroyed the Jordans market by making everything non-exclusive and flooding the market with a new Jordan every few weeks/months.




Yeah I work in a sporting goods store that sells Nike apparel and shoes and most of the people that buy the stuff are my age. 




Yeah I work in a sports/leisure store and 99% of the time it's the older folks (30ish upwards) that complain about the price. For example the other day I had an old lady come in looking for shoes that would hold up running semi long distance and walking at least 10 kms every day, but got exceptionally salty when everything I provided were over $160 (NZD) her supposed budget for high impact high support shoes was apparently "$50-$80"..




That's a characteristic of polyester. Some brands try to mitigate it with chemicals or silver. I've found that a few splashes of vinegar in the wash completely eliminates the odor, and the vinegar smell fades through evaporation.




I'm pretty sure [these](https://www.32degrees.com/products/mens-cool-crew-neck-tee-shirt?variant=34007198798) are the ones I got from Costco. If you have one near you, I'd check to see if they still have them because they worked out to about $4 a shirt.




I get your point. I was just a bit awestruck that even after a 75% cut it was still more than 10 million. 




That doesn't make CEO pay, in general, any less ridiculous. 




Is this guy's work 900 times more valuable than a MacDonald's worker? 




What do you mean?




I'm less forgiving of Nike because of the whole sweatshop thing. But I guess there was pearl harbor lol.





>Not to mention Boost shoes are basically taking a chunk out of Nike.  Their Jordan releases are basically flooding the market and none of them are really "collectable" anymore.  Constant reissues. 

This is huge.  They're always a colourway or style marked down at footlocker now.  That used to never ever happen apart from universally hated styles (15s, 11 low IE).  Their market is massive yes but a lot of was to do with having something someone else didn't, they're losing their exclusivity.





I bought myself a pair of Nike's I think at the beginning of this year, I walk a lot every day, so far they have held up great. My previous one are dirty and one shoe's heel is a bit broken but they lasted me a few years.




I just replace a pair of Nikes that my GF bought me 5 years ago, and I wore them almost every day. Main reason was the sole was worn flat. I still keep them around for dirty work.




Boost durabilty is terrible. I have see them melt on hot pavement.




This is true, and I should amend my previous statement to say "China can produce quality across the spectrum to specification. If it's shit it's because someone asked for it to be that way."




Pretty good lifting shoes.




Why pay $80+ for "nice" shoes when you can get a good pair of Puma's fro ~$20 from Ross haha




I had three pairs of pumas from 7th grade to junior year of college, roughly three years each of exclusive daily wear. One pair got too stinky, one pair got paint on them, and one wore so far that they were shiny. Best god damn shoes, can't recommend them enough. The suede racer cats I think they were




[deleted]




I wasn't specifying Nike, but *all products,* that were first manufactured here, but later moved to China.

I will say this, though, when Bill Bowerman was making sneakers in his garage with a waffle iron, they were better made than what we get from China, now.




Yeah, it's easy to say "the don't do anything", but a company with bad leadership can tank easily. 




Your job is to keep the shareholders happy.




That's a board descison.  The company can be doing poorly for various reasons and the CEO could be that reason or they could be the reason or didn't go entirely to shit. 

Either way not my concern, it's their money to spend and their company to do with as they please. 

If they see it as appropriate to give a raise so be it, if they see it as appropriate to give a golden parachute to attract a good candidate so be it.




Because he runs one of the largest companies in the world...




Not to mention that they get tax breaks for hiring people on food stamps. The same people who then go and spend their food stamps at Walmart because they have an employee discount. They're fucking us pretty good.






Their workers don't have the market value of a living wage. Yes I think it's justified. It's societies job to care for it's citizens, not the employers. 




deleted  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.1490  [^^^What ^^^is ^^^this?](https://pastebin.com/FcrFs94k/37864)




I'm sure the Trex didn't share his leftovers either





The other day I spent about 3 hours on Amazon trying to find a non-ugly Saucony shoe. It's damned near impossible!




I got a pair of Saucony shoes a few months back. These things are great!




I wear mine as my regular shoes, wearing em pretty much every day and they're comfy af unless I'm walking for more than a few hours straight




Cant really say anything about running. Do really light jogging but that is never on a schedule. I have head through Nike Flynit shoes (might have mispelt that) are good for running but I have no idea. 




That's really weird. Maybe different countries have different quality control?




Lasting a year is not a sign of quality. I have a pair of work boots that I have treated like shit and they are going strong for close to three years now, and these aren't "going to school" work boots.




> None of these dweebs would want to put in the 16 hour days 

That's a Bingo.  There were people at my last gig that made more than me, and I was fine with it.  Why?  Because Tim would practically live in the office, working 60 hour weeks like nothing.  

Meanwhile I was content with straight 8's across the board and in case of emergency come in on a Saturday once or twice a year.  




Damn you right, didn't realize they were down that far 0_0




I never claimed to be better than or have the same duty to the world as a multi billion dollar corporation. I also did not say I agree with the way people are here casting hate. I did find some of the information interesting. Nike creating 2nd rate merchandise for their brand to sell at "clearance" or outlet stores. I feel like this is a bad idea for the brand, but again...I don't buy into brand names at all. 

I simply stated a fact. Everyone is just here being anti-Nike because of their disagreement with...I guess the CEOs pay? I am unsure why it went so far off topic, and I've made no disparaging comments against Nike. There were several articles posted about their improvements, but it doesn't change their past. Other corporations aren't any better, and global change and rejection of their old practices is the only way to enact true change.

You are carrying a lot of baggage that you take with you to your comments. It seems like it is causing you stress. I made a comment to try and dissuade you from spending so much energy in a place (this particular thread) that does not seem to be interested in discussion; just negativity. Unfortunately, you turned defensive and it had the opposite effect, so I apologize. 




I always hear this argument but it makes no sense. If the company is failing then he/she must not be some God-send CEO anyhow. If a failing company isn't a reason to cut a CEO's pay, than what is? When exactly should a CEO be held accountable for anything? At what point are you just funneling all your money and efforts to retain a "talented" CEO while neglecting to attract top talent for things like engineering, marketing, sales, etc.? To hell with some old boys club of recycled CEOs, find an ambitious MBA to run the place and pay to attract a wide range of talent in critical positions. A CEO is not the be all and end all of a well run, profitable company. 




>its extremely common for companies that are undergoing layoffs to still be adding to headcount in total.

Of course!  You get rid of inefficient workers, and you replace them with efficient workers.  Everyone focuses on those poor laid-off workers, but nobody stops to remember that the company exists to turn a profit, and that you can't forego optimization just because some workers might be burdened.




A lot of these people would be upset if they found out how Netflix operates.




no one gonna take you seriously with such an asinine example




This isn't true:

- 1000 workers laid off = evil
- Ceo takes a pay cut = good
- 1 worker laid off = meh
- Ceo salary was 50M in the first place = evil

Even if there's some good in there, the balance is on evil, unfortunately. 




[deleted]




Remember that paying an employee 30k doesn't mean the company only spends 30,000. When you add up the benefits and all additional costs of hiring an employee, a $30,000/yr employee would cost the company around $45,000 (ball park)




The average salary at Nike WHQ is over 100k/year




Every decision he makes can lead to profits of losses of hundreds of millions of dollars. 

Would you do that job for $30k a year?




Can you imagine how hard it is to become the CEO of such a company? Do you have what it takes?




Reality isn't usually comforting. 




I don't demonise Bill Gates for earning millions per month because I like the product that his company sold me and I think he deserves the profits since it's been a useful contribution to society. I am certain many Microsoft employees would feel the same way, especially considering his business is the thing providing them with a job in the first place.

Getting laid off sucks but let's keep things in perspective.




Nike went from 15b rev to 32b rev since he was there. Not exactly going down




How much more is adidas bringing in that they are destroying it?  What do the 5 and 10 year forecasts suggest?




Go away




You sound like a reasonable person...




He's definitely not the moron in this conversation




[deleted]




>He should be taxed to fuck on those earnings

I am pretty certain that he pays his taxes.  Do you have evidence he is not?

>Who pats your fucking back, who sticks up for your class? No one, and yet here we are holding this guy up like a fuckin white knight. Bollox

So you have absolutely no reason to actually dislike him as an individual, but you hate him because he's at a higher socioeconomic class than you.

I know there are legitimate criticisms of the current tax rate on the wealthy, and the extravagance of CEO pay, but you sound jealous more than anything.  If you want a higher tax rate, write your representatives, don't blame the CEO of Nike.




50k is pretty decent in the US, don't know about you. 

After his pay cut it's only 300x what that hypothetical worker makes.




The way it works right now is fine for me. I don't want any changes to the way it works for most people right now, except maybe lowering of taxes. 




> reduce the disparity in wages

Doesn't need to happen.




That's not dodging taxes, if you don't bring in the income, you don't owe taxes on it

No dodging at all




Unless they give him utter shitloads of stock (see Facebook).




If the CEO own the majority of shares then he has a majority vote on who sits on the board of directors.  This is how a lot of company's that go public still have their founder as CEO.  




Not quite, he who holds Majority shares holds the real power.




What's your point?  People shouldn't be expected to work for free.  Not me, not you, not anybody.




How much money does it take to attract somebody with the experience to run operations of a multi billion dollar company?




This is not true. I worked in my local Nike clearance store, and yes, while some stuff had some minor defects (Nike logo off center, or the threading didn't entirely match on socks) almost all of the things sold are of the same standards as all other Nike products.




Most people believe price = quality. Until they discover two important facts:

1. No matter what the store will sell it for, they are making a profit - or it wouldn't be for sale. Even employee discounts don't see true cost. 

2. Most sales, aren't sales at all. Prices are adjusted weekly based on projected enthusiasm for a product - so claims of "regular $199.99, sale $100.00" is the same product that was sold for just "$100.00" normally the week before. Even Black Friday is a lie. And if you don't believe me watch the cost of literally anything, from any store, for a year. 




Not at the clearance stores. The Factory Stores might be different, but they mainly consist of items from past seasons, unworn returns, samples, etc. 




Idk my nike sweatshirt from when i 12 still looks new, got it from an outlet store. (28 now)




And most people don't realize this. They believe that they are getting this great deal relative to their top of the line stuff. 




It's all overpriced and junky. It's all made in Vietnam or Cambodia for cents on the dollar. Screw Nike for charging through the nose for it. I'll get the generic brand any day for a 1/4 of the cost. Quality is just fine. Especially for workout gear that's just gonna get gross and sweaty anyway.




It's the exact opposite in my experience. The Under Armour outlet was only $5-$10 less than the retail price, while the Clearance outlet is usually half off (or more) retail. Just last week I got a $130 jacket there for $24 that's still being sold on their website and t-shirts there are usually $10. 




No, Tennessee




You're saying Nike stuff is cheaper at their stores than anywhere else?




I have no reason to buy Nike anything.




Nike.com actually has decent clearance items, there was a 20% off clearance items last week along with a Summer sale at the start of July. Some occasional promo codes too, right now you get 20% off when you spend $100, clearance excluded. They eventually restock as well.




Of course I've seen outlet mall before. Do you realize many malls are dead or dying?




I work in an outlet that has Nike and other "brand" stores like them. Nike is,by far, the busiest store there. Not that great unless you buy off their clearance wall for shoes.




Polyester is in no way more breathable than cotton, but it tends to wick the sweat away from your body and then dries faster. Polyester also is more resistant to shrinking. I'm not anti-polyester or anything, it's just that brands like Nike charge a premium for poly shirts when in all likelihood it was cheaper to produce than their cotton shirts.




I'm a lululemon junkie, mainly because as someone who sweats a ton, I've noticed that any other workout shirts I use start to smell more quickly.  Plus I like that silky smooth feel.

But trying all of the cheaper, standard polyester shirts...they just feel all the same to me.  I don't get what buying a dri-fit gets me over the competition half the price.  Even if it were to be a bit better, it doesn't feel it, so how would I know?

That said, I absolutely do see it everywhere, but I think people really trust the brand and the marketing.  Heck, that's why I thought it would be a good shirt when I checked it out.




Yeah, I run and the Nike stuff I have has proven to be well worth it. I mean price wise it can be a bit much (Nike outlets all day) but even the casual stuff I own just seems to be super comfortable and doesn't wear out. 




I still see it as a sales gimmick to be honest. People for thousands of years have achieved excellent fitness without dri-fit technology. 




Ultra boost




I bought the [New Balance Fresh Foam](http://www.zappos.com/p/new-balance-fresh-foam-cruz-v1-grey-sea-salt/product/8861414/color/680922) about a month ago and they are the most comfortable shoes I've ever had. Similar to the boost sole but for a fraction of the price. I bought my wife the pinks last week and she loves them also. 




Also helps that the cheap Boost alternative, Cloudfoam, is really fucking comfortable as well. One of my friends has a pair of Cloudfoam Races and they've lasted him close to two years now




They hold up to age as well. Mine as two years old and still have the same spring. Literally tried old and new on together. Couldn't tell the differece. 




I'm looking for something as comfro as sketchers memory foam shoes that... Well, that are of decent quality. 

Would these be it?   




If you're a serious long distance runner you're not wearing Nike either. 




no, not really.

the whole point of a sock is to conform to your foot.

but the sole being rigid can prevent it from properly fitting around your foot.

you need to look at other shoes.

don't blame the upper that can conform to just about any shape, blame the sole that is holding it back.

edit: heel counter might also be holding it back.




I didn't like the fitting when I first got mine but I got used to it after about a week of only wearing them. 




I just looked up KEEN shoes.  They look like they're made for  people who give out raisins for Halloween.




They look like shoes an elderly clown would wear




Yeah I have keen work boots, they are tanks. 




Either the funniest or stupidest comment I've read all day




people still wear etnies. just not the same kinds as you did 




Try some other models out, I wasn't a fan of the Busenitz line but I've got a pair of Gazelles and I love them.




I've had many different styles but here are a couple of my favorites

1. [janoski](https://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/B00FW3ZJ5G/ref=mp_s_a_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1501159169&sr=8-1&pi=AC_UL420_SR280,420_QL65&keywords=janoski)

2. [team edition](https://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/B00KRJKX92/ref=mp_s_a_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1501159264&sr=8-1&pi=AC_UL420_SR280,420_QL65&keywords=nike+sb+team+edition)

3. [p-rod 9](https://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/B01AAWGSRG/ref=mp_s_a_1_6?ie=UTF8&qid=1501159452&sr=8-6&pi=AC_UL420_SR280,420_QL65&keywords=nike+sb+paul+rodriguez)

I get my shoes from ccs.com. Huge selection and great prices. They always have sales going on. 




If you're deliberately not marketing to 99% of the place maybe that's somewhere to look at when your profits dip.

Most "premium" brands just sell the exact same product without the logo on it at 10% of the price because they can ship way more units and still make a profit, without cutting into their sales in the "people who buy the name" market.




Asics and Mizuno. You can do a foot profile for both that will recommend which of their shoes would suit you best.




Saucony, Hoka, Altras, etc. A lot of really good ones actually. 




Just look at who is buying $600 Supreme hoodies.




Do you remember if it was on sale or regular price?





A CEOs job is insanely difficult and holds the most responsibility and impact. A bad CEO can & will completely run a company in to the ground. That's why you want to pay A LOT of money for a really good CEO, because if you don't he can get more money working somewhere else, and if he's smart it will be a good investment.




The board saw his value to be high, what's ridiculous?




You dont want to hear it but yes it is.




Most likely, yes. I'm sure a CEO of Nike makes decisions worth more than his high paycheck just about every day. He gets payed to make the right decisions.




I watched a documentary in highschool years ago on the "slave wage labor" they had going on in the production of nike (and similar) products. Could have been all fluff but it stuck with me for a long time and the conditions looked crap enough that I cant imagine anyone actually working there voluntarily. 




There's a good chance it was fake.

Adidas Boosts popularity has them now being counterfeited in record numbers (maybe even Jordan level numbers).

Check out /r/Repsneakers/ for the 1:1 succ




Were they real boosts?  I have a pair and I haven't seen these issues.  Were the shoes possibly knock off boosts?  Pics?  I didn't find anything on google about it either, sneakerheads would go apeshit about it, no?




Or basically, if you want shit for dirt cheap, you will get dirt which holds true everywhere and not just China.

Edit: Seriously, did someone actually downvote me for this? Christ.




I found that to be the opposite for me. Nike shoes are wide as fook. But adidas are narrower 




Well it's also our society to regulate to make sure companies don't take advantage of their employees.




Does he actually make the products or do thousands of other people in sweatshops with pisspoor conditions, being paid unlivable wages???




[deleted]




lol they're privatizing gains while socializing costs.




[deleted]




Except the T-rex would be the entire company. Not just the CEO.




Are you looking for sneakers or athletic based? Their sneaker line up is pretty fire. I would recommend going to /r/sneakers to see some on-feet :)




Right? Recently I've been wearing La Sportiva's which look real nice, since my Solomon's burned out. I haven't bought a Nike shoe in years just because these trail shoes are so much better.




For running? I get the ugliest and brightest pair. They're usually the cheapest. Previous model too and it's $40-60 for a solid pair of running shoes 




I know! The pair I got I don't believe they make anymore. It's gray cloth on top and a white sole. The thing that sold me on them was just how comfortable they are. It really is like not wearing anything. 




They are! For me, the ones I got don't feel like I'm wearing shoes at all. They have that memory foam and man they are nice. 

The only problem I have is the ones I got are like a t shirt material almost so they floppy and they don't stay on feet correctly, they are always slipping down. I need a more ridged shoe I suppose. 




No apologies needed whatsoever. Civil discourse, even if with differing views, should still be had.

My response was simply to your comment "this post is pathetic. If not...why are you bothering win this?". It's to engage in open discussion about the topic at hand, with pertinent information and context. It's really easy for us on Reddit to jump on the hate train (i.e., Martin Shkreli, Justin Bieber, Comcast, Trump) without fully understanding the reasons behind it, and I think we're all here to learn a little something, and to share a little something.

There are people here who have insight into worlds I'll never know: astrophysicists, musicians, HVAC engineers, and law enforcement, but I am still willing to hear them out regarding their experiences. And if for nothing else, we're simply here to test our dry-humor bravado for fake internet points, all while trying to avoid pictures of Peyton Manning in a botched fleece balaclava, or Rick Astley.




Imagine you have a company that makes to toilet paper and has been a household brand for generations. Suddenly shit hits the fan and your sales plummet or maybe your costs rise and you're no longer profitable. So you look at your current CEOs contract and see wow we can't get rid of him for another year however in that year we are going to lose a billion in sales. Well if we cut this guy a check for 50 million he will leave and we can bring in a CEO who has lots of experience with our situation. The new CEO will require a large salary and bonus to make us profitable again so if we weigh the billion we stand to lose vs the few hundred million it would cost to bring in a CEO to fix this we will be making the most financially sound decison. So you go ahead and fire the old guy pay him his severance and hire the new guy. New guy comes in brings costs down having to fire a few departments and utilize new techniques in the company bringing you to a new profitable direction. You thank him for his work pay him his bonus and salary.




I uh....I think I just became a republican 


Edit: I forgot about the anti-gay, anti-feminist, overly religious, and science ignorant platform. Definitely am not republican. 




Yeah you can't expect the extremely rich to make slightly less money just because some people might starve. And people wonder why not everyone is behind capitalism.




How does Netflix operate? 




Lol, there's nothing "evil" about being successful or making a lot of money.  Creating products that people want is a good thing.




You could knock his salary down to 30K and give the 14.97M balance to all the employees. You'd make their paychecks go up by like $0.12.....once.

Awesome. 




Or ask the right question like why we bought fewer nike items?  


*space reserved for Sears reference deyln will not bother to fill out.*




I don't think Nike saving $5M over 5 years saves 1000 jobs at all. That type of speculation makes no sense. 




Nike is a 30 billion dollar company.. a million dollar paycut is nothing.




That's a nice fun fact. But that just proves my point even more. Nike will be saving a lot of $$$ by doing this. Way more than just cutting CEO pay




It's possible there is a middle ground between 30k a year and 14 million a year. 




I imagine it's hard. That is still no reason to pay them so much money. Are you happy about stats like 85 people having more wealth than 3.5 billion? Do you think that's ok? Because this is how you get that. 




Yeah, the "do no harm" mantra doesn't really hold any weight outside of the medical community.  Employment isn't a right, it's something you have to qualify for through merit.

Keeping the unemployment rate down is important, as is creating jobs, but we can't just lash out at every company that lays workers off because those workers could potentially struggle.  Personal financial security is an individual's responsibility, not their employer's.

If the Nike CEO were giving himself a raise in the face of layoffs and revenue losses, we could legitimately question his ethics and business sense - especially his investors.  Instead, he is taking a pay cut, which clearly shows that he's willing to adjust his salary to something fitting of the condition of the company.

Anyone upset with Nike's CEO because of this just hates rich people in general.




Correct me if wrong, but I don't think Bill Gates is currently drawing a salary from Microsoft?

If he'd been making 50M while working for MS I'd also have said that is insane.




Since he's been CEO.  He's started at Nike in the 80s as a low-level designer.




He's been around for awhile, nowadays Adidas has been dominating the market.




They're owning the market, adidas is way more popular and one of the main reasons this article is here 




> How much more is adidas bringing in that they are destroying it?

They've only been destroying them for the last 4-5 years. Ever Since their BOOST sole took off and Kanye came out with his shoe.

Adidas is now starting to flood the market with their most popular shoe the NMD. Some people are hating this because its not longer a unique shoe and others are glad because they get more colorways in a shoe thats pretty comfortable.

Nike is supposed to be dropping their new sole to compete with BOOST sometime soon, but their shoe designs still need some work when compared to the PrimeKnit lines from Adidas.




People sure get butt hurt that adidas is destroying Nike




I hope your economy collapses, your entire family dies in civil war and you starve to death. 




ANNNNNNNNND I hope the Nike CEO just gets a better car or something.




I genuinely hope you just die of starvation. 




The CEO is not working hundreds of times harder, yet they benefit vastly more than laborers.  It's a matter of perception, and unfortunately most Americans have been brainwashed to side with these excessive earners.




[removed]




And he has 300x the responsibility. 




If you're fine with it now then you should be a proponent (supporter) of regulating the market. Because that is how it works right now. 




/u/BigBoyLongstockings was being sarcastic. Still not sure what /u/WhatTheFuckSalami was talking about.




Well now I just feel poor 




If the tax code has a special provision where just I never had to pay any taxes, I wouldn't be dodging taxes by not paying any, by the letter of the law.

But everyone else who had to pay taxes would feel that I was dodging them law or not.

That's what capital gains is for the rich.   It isn't labeled a dodge because it's illegal, it's labeled a dodge because it even exists in the first place.






[deleted]




I watched a story where they admitted that they manufacture two types of products, one for the retail store (higher quality) and one for the clearance stores.  Small things that only a good eye would catch, the stitching, clasps, buttons, etc




Sorry dude you're wrong. The things sent to outlets and "clearance" stores are made specifically for those venues.  




Its common practice now to make outlet/clearance specific clothes now. The outlet stores of yore are gone.




How do you know that you worked in your local Nike clearance store?




Hate to break it to you but that was the initial strategy. Now two types of products are used. This is common practice now for retail. Look at jcrew, Nordstrom, etc. the marquee stores get less inventory of higher quality goods. Outlets are used to move inventory that doesn't sell alongside outlet quality products. 




[deleted]




Selling a product at £100 and then suggesting that a special sale price of £100 is misleading the consumer and is illegal in the UK




> Most sales, aren't sales at all. Prices are adjusted weekly based on projected enthusiasm for a product - so claims of "regular $199.99, sale $100.00" is the same product that was sold for just "$100.00" normally the week before. 
> 

This is why i'm glad i live in a country where this practise is illegal.
In Ireland if something is listed as reduced or on sale , the original price displayed must have been valid for at least 28 days over the previous three months.




Your insistence that all sales are lies is too far.

It's true that this is a common tactic to trick customers. But it's completely false to suggest that all sales are this.

Black Friday is not a complete lie. Companies are forced to offer ridiculous sales in order to attract people into stores to be tricked by your price lowering trick on other goods.

If it's easier for you to assume that all sales are fake than you do you. But the reality is is that there are good deals to be had for those who look




Khol'sification




Not entirely true, but the stuff that truly hits a sale price is stuff nobody else wanted. 




>No matter what the store will sell it for, they are making a profit - or it wouldn't be for sale. Even employee discounts don't see true cost.

Stores go out of business all the time.  This meant the product cost more to make then you bought it for.  Out of business means this happened more-often-than-not.  So even a profitable company like Nike is going to at least occasionally have to sell unpopular goods at less than cost just to get rid of them. I've picked up running shoes for $15.  There's no way Nike, even with sweatshops, is making a sneaker for $7.50.  Let's say it costs them $30.  Most sell for $100.  Sometimes you misread the market, so say 10% of your stock needs to be liquidated for cheap or take up (very valuable) shelf space for a long time.




 in high school I worked at Best Buy part-time and our employee discount was Cost Plus 5%. You would not believe some of some of the discounts we got on stuff. I bought a top of the line Samsung TV that was $3,000 retail for 800 bucks. Also got a top of the line Alpine sound system put in my car with two 12's for about 500 including install. Retail on that was about 2,000.  and then of course the accessories Market was a total racket back when HDMI cords were $100 or more we could buy them with our employee discount for about 6 bucks. one guy got fired because he would buy them in droves and sell them on Craigslist or whatever the 2006 equivalent of Craigslist was for like 25 bucks. for a while he was making more doing that than working at Best Buy.




>No matter what the store will sell it for, they are making a profit - or it wouldn't be for sale. 

this is not true

space is a premium so there will come a point where it makes more sense to recoup what you can and move on, even at a loss






Black Friday is a joke. I used to work in a sporting goods store during college. There was one or two "doorbusters" that were literally shipped in for the soul purpose of Black Friday. The rest of the stuff in the store was 5-10% MORE expensive than it was two weeks ago. I hate Black Friday so much. Not as much as I hate customers, though




You're the same size at 28 as you were when you were 12?




Ever heard of a Nike Clearance Store? Those places are the bomb




Not into sex, eh?

http://www.theonion.com/article/tiger-woods-nike-deal-includes-new-line-of-sex-toy-32807




But those nike sb dunk hi's tho. I don't have em but I want em. But they're a'spensive 




I think that's just because of how small the outlets store fronts are. Every outlet in the mall here is busy because all the stores are tinny tiny




> I mean price wise it can be a bit much (Nike outlets all day)

I just keep my gift cards and scour Nike.com's clearance sections.  No Nike outlets in my area for miles but I make it work. 




Dri-fit is a marketing term the wicking technology it and tons of other shirts are based on is not. Technology is why the record for a marathon has gone down by about 50 percent over the last 100 years or why i could have medaled in the first olympics at 1500 meters but wouldnt be good enough to win a local 5k.  




The only problem with them is that the outsole is very thin and wears out very fast. 




Any male alternative? Those are women's shoes :( 




Maybe if you don't wear them. 

I blow through a pair of Nikes a year. The sole gets wore down, adhesives break down, they look like ass.




Yes, far better than memory foam. But that's just like...my opinion, man. Everybody's feet are different.




Go to alternative stores,  they have copies of sketchers shoes for 1/3 the price..  The ones I got for 40$ are the same as 120$ sketchers. 




Not accurate. Each company does something a bit differently. Performance run shoes stack up pretty well to each other. Feet and preferences determine which brand works better for an individual runner. I work with a gentleman who has participated in a triple ironman and multiple ultra marathons who loves the Nike Pegasus.




what does serious long distance runner wear ? saucony ?




the heel counter can be too rigid, upper isn't completely negligible 




[deleted]




Good fitting shoes don't need broken in




I looked up that brand after you comment to see and saw a model called "Austin" by them and thought it said "Autism", i guess it's interchangeable with how they look though




They are so comfortable though.




Average foot width of people in the UK is wider than everywhere else. 




I can't believe ccs is still a thing. I used to buy my skate shoes there when I was an amateur skater back in high school. I haven't bought a pair of skate shoes in nearly a decade though; God do I miss the comfort. 




Believe me, I know about it. I have a $105 t-shirt (which is closer to $140 in the US due to availability). It has the cut and fabric of maybe a $35 shirt, which even then is above most consumer's price points. But I bought it because I coveted it. I love the brand and the stuff they put out. I don't mind the price.

$100 is about the entry price into the brand, you won't find much stuff cheaper than that. Their jackets are $300+. Now if the brand starts putting out $20 shirts and $40 jackets, suddenly people view the brand differently. They might initially sell like hot cakes, sure, but they'll have no staying power in the long term. There's nothing to covet. It'd be like if Rolls Royce put out a $17,000 car. The magic is gone.

Nike, I'm sure, has no intention of ever competing with low-end retailers. That market can go to somewhere else. They would rather maintain their somewhat elite status, even if it means posting a loss, than weaken their branding. Because at the end of the day, their Swoosh and their shoes are all they've really got. 




I'm pretty sure they were on sale, but the regular price was like $10-12 for a pack of two, so it was still very reasonable. I got them a few months ago, but they might still be there.




Don't bother, the minimum wage anti corporate circle jerk is already in your town.  

I manage 30 or so people in 3 different companies and my head would explode doing his job for a day.  Everyone seems to think CEOs chew on a big cigar with their feet up all day.  




The US has always paid a lot for good CEOs. The issue is how the ratio of CEO to average worker pay has skyrocketed to obscene levels. IIRC, CEO pay used to be like 40:1 compared to an average worker. Which to me seems pretty reasonable, given a median individual income of about $35k/year, $1.4 million is reasonable and a very hefty salary.

$14 million though? 400:1 ratio? Hasn't it gotten a bit out of hand? Can you at least see where we're coming from? Not to mention that figure is *after a 71% cut!*




We're almost certainly at an impasse. If you don't think a 71% pay cut to *$13.9 MILLION* is ridiculous, while in the context of what an average worker makes in the US....well, we'll never agree on anything to be perfectly honest.

I always see this sentiment that "CEOs are valuable!", but I've yet to see anyone demonstrate that they actually bring that value to a company vs. the average worker.




So this guy works for nine hundred hours an hour.




Yeah, the conditions are basically slavery and I feel sorry for them but it was just a song lol




Probably over exaggerating 




Ok? Then regulate it. I don't see the support for that though. Sure on Reddit maybe, but in the general public enough to remove a politician from office, nah. 

Example I don't see it as abusive at all, I don't see how executive pay is related to abuse.




Society allows it because it supports it, and in general is in the interest of freedom. Freedom unfortunately is going to include things you don't like.  

Lobbying includes anything from the large businesses writing checks to you and I writing letters. Lobbying is very important, or do you think representatives are all knowing and can say reliability what the full impact will be Across all industries for any given policy?




Dude, build your own multi national company and THEN you can argue about CEO salaries.

I hope you pay your self a nice paycheck of $2-3000 a month




deleted  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.5415  [^^^What ^^^is ^^^this?](https://pastebin.com/FcrFs94k/09425)




[deleted]




This just shows why the CEO compensation model is broken. They are too cozy with boards and have too much leverage. Contracts should not be so friendly where you have to pay a failing CEO to leave, there should be strong correlations with the performance of the company. Just because this is the "way it is done" does not mean it is right. There plenty of critical pieces in any organization that act as at-will employees without any such parachutes, and they are still expected to perform. This whole model seems to assume that CEOs are the only people in an organization capable of thinking critically.




To be fair, if shit hits the fan toilet paper sales would rise...




No, you're just a capitalist.  Never go full-Republican...




Unless you hate dude sex you're probably libertarian. 




Netflix CEO Reed Hastings makes $23,300,000/year.

But ask the average Redditor, and Netflix is a wonderful, ethical company that deserves every dollar that they make, because they provide streaming TV for under $10/month.




http://www.npr.org/2015/09/03/437291792/how-the-architect-of-netflixs-innovative-culture-lost-her-job-to-the-system

As soon as your position becomes unnecessary, you're gone.




Every one of these people that assumes that the ultra-rich are all evil would absolutely love to have a salary of $50M, and if they ever achieved that, they would insist they were deserving of it.

Humans are weird...




I think you are miscounting somewhere. If nike has 60000 employees it's going to be at least a few dollars, more like $300 actually.

Anyhow, it's besides the point.




Bill Gates still owns a lot of stock, so he makes an absolute fortune in dividends.

He's not pulling a salary, but he's still making money off that company hand-over-fist.

And he's funneling it into charity, which is awesome.  He deserves his $600M house, because he's a good person and he changed the world with his software.




Yeah, that's not what I asked




That's not an answer to the questions




You are literally adding nothing to the discussion. You're just an Adidas fanboy and a Nike hater. We're out here tryna talk about businesses and your dumbass tries telling us that a certain brand is better. Even then, you would post sources and shit, but ur not. It's just ur opinion. And I can speak on the behalf of everyone here that no one gives a fuck about ur opinion




Just like all of those poor Nike employees who are getting laid off. /s

So dramatic...




Well you seem well balanced




Hahaha and the CEO is the problem, not people like you wishing death upon people because they called you a name you called someone else. Cute.




The CEO may not work 100x harder than a laborer but they have way more than 100x the influence than the average laborer does on the company's success. Aka the profits. So economically speaking, yes it is justified that a CEO makes 100x what the average employee makes. Morally speaking, it's completely subjective. 




CEOs at this level are often great business minds and there is fierce competition to get them to lead your company. No one is fighting over a low level marketer or factory worker so their wages are far lower. It's not brainwashing, it's just where the market will go when you compete over someone highly valued.




A baker makes a loaf of bread and sells it to a man for a dollar. The baker figures with help he could make 4 loafs a day, so he hires a man for a dollar a day. The baker then pays the man his 1 dollar, puts 1 dollar back into the store, and pockets the other two dollars. The baker cleans the store, does the payroll, orders the flour, sets the displays, and runs the company. One day the baker does not sell all four loafs of bread, and eventually no one wants more than one loaf. The baker has to let the man go.

In your communist world view the baker is evil because he took the extra dollar. Experience, effort, ownership of tools and land, quality of work, all mean nothing to you. Fuck the baker because he took an extra dollar.




Alright little baby, go have a popsicle and calm down. 




I doubt it. Some sales clerk in one of their stores is more likely to be fired because of performance than this dude, and they'd have less of a safety net.




https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Maximum_wage

"No major economy has a direct earnings limit"

And that's the way it should stay. 




Well I have no idea what you are talking about, but it seems you don't know much about tax law




> That's what capital gains is for the rich.

That's what capital gains is for anyone who has capital gains.  




There are some B grades that get automatically sent to outlets because the whole batch didnt meet specs, but Nike doesnt produce just to send to outlets.




I'm going to need a source. Now of course we would get things in that we're "irregulars" that did have some minor blemishes but everything was of the same quality.




Did Nike admit that, or just some other company like Calvin Klein? 




Why would you care about that if you're buying clearance 




Source or nope.




I recall watching/reading something similar relate to GAP stores.  Basically they manufacture some items strictly for their outlet stores.




They also move products from their retail locations to their outlets. It is a mix of both.




Oooooooh fight! Fight! Fight!




No evidence that Nike does this




The things sent to outlets are from every outlet that sells Nike, and it's usually either the overflow or older models. Hell, sometimes we would get in a few pairs of just released shoes so it really was a guess as to what we had, but nothing was of lower quality. Both my store and the regular store downtown shipped and received product from a lot of the same locations.




There is no evidence that Nike does this.




Because it said Nike Clearance Store on the building 




This is 100% false. Outlets are not used to this fashion. What Clearance stores receive is either going to be clothing items/shoes that were from the previous season and a few irregulars (misprints etcetera) as well as some initial release shoes and clothes. Hell we had the Pegasus 33's as well as the lunarglide 8's in stock before they were even released. 




no he's saying that there are products made specifically for the clearance store of lower quality.




Meh, there's something to be said about building a brand empire. 




I think there's a time limit, e.g. An item has to be at a certain price for a month before you can drop it to call it discounted..I'm not sure of the exact details!




Several retailers in the US are currently in a major lawsuit for basically just that. They will probably settle and admit no guilt.




Yeah wow, what a massive difference to life that must make, esp now with the internet and people literally shopping on a world market, the expense that legislation cost and trying to regulate it probably ended up costing you more.




Worked retail and updated prices. Also watched Best Buy deals this past Black Friday - started the week before and the week after - nothing has changed. 




Some of us hit our growth spurt early. :(




Well back in the day it was fashionable to wear oversized clothing. Remember those jnco jeans? 




I'm 22, but I'm haven't gained a pound or an inch since I was 14




Most clearance and outlet stores are BS though. Sell stuff specifically made for that kind of store but usually under quality. Sell lines/models they produced but didn't test or sell well. Sell things that didn't make quality standards. 




And the stuff they sell belongs in the garbage. It's not the same. It's just cheap shit with a Nike logo.




Not where I live.




English would have been fine too




It's polyester, which is much better at wicking away moisture than cotton. But it's not really a "technology", like they advertise. 




That's been my biggest problem: I love the Pure Boost and the Ultra Boost, but give me an actual damn outsole! The basketball shoes get to have Boost and an outsole, why can't the running/lifestyle shoes?




[Here's](http://www.zappos.com/p/new-balance-fresh-foam-cruz-v1-black-sea-salt/product/8861411/color/251025) the men's. Although the gray ones that I bought seem to be sold out at the moment because they aren't listed but there is other colors. 




Every brand of shoe I've had has worn down in a year.  New Balances would separate from the sole around the pinky toe, Skechers would erode underneath the heel, Nike erodes *behind* the heel, etc.  At least my Nikes tend to last a few months longer, but honestly, my shoes rarely last much more than a year, and I'm pretty indoorsy.




do ppl really buy sketchers?




asics runners mostly. 




I wore Mizuno Prophecies back when I did half-marathons. Those things were great.




Elite long distance runners wear whoever sponsors them. There are multiple good brands for running shoes. Feet are unique. It's always important to try on multiple to see what is comfortable for you.




I didn't like the fitting at all but the place I bought them from has a good return policy so I gave them a shot. Lace them up tight, use the extra set of holes if you need to. They don't feel loose to me anymore. 




I never said I broke them in. I said that I wasn't used to the way they sit on your feet but I got used to it. Also, a lot of good shoes need broken in, talk to any hikers or hunters and they can confirm. 




You posted that 3 times. But you got any proof of that?




Thanks for the info.




Noone on Reddit understands I feel like.. I've had this argument before. This dude makes insane money, true. But he also works insane hours under insane amount of stress with 0 job security. I really don't know what people expect ceo's to make. Everyone accepts that starting and running your ow. Successful business is brutal, yet this guy is essentially doing that for an already successful company and making g sure it stays successful and his job is "easy"...wat




Lol pretty much, my rule is expect Reddit to have no idea when it  comes to economics and science.




I do agree it is insanely high, but it's what you need to pay since a CEO of that caliber and experience could EASILY find another job with higher pay if he doesn't like the terms of his current contract. Corporations want to keep their CEOs loyal aswell.




Why the the average working employees pay relevant? Value is determined by the hiring company, they see the value, all that matters




Its not the work hours that determine the value of your work.

Obviously, 1h of a programmer is more valuable then 1h of a fast food worker - are you really arguing that this is not true?

You can find a fast food worker instantly, it doesnt need any special skills or training. You can find a programmer a harder.

And how hard is it to find someone who is capable of managing a global company?




with all due respect, that question is the question unintelligent people ask when this topic gets raised because it makes them sound clever. like, logically, OBVIOUSLY no one is worth 900 times than another human hurhurhur, right? sheep can never truly understand the power a lion feels, and can only speculate that another living thing cannot be this far superior because it only has itself as a benchmark. 




That's... not how this works




[deleted]




I agree.

Whatever, I'm from CA and we tend to have better labor rights than most of the states. Sure, the wage disparity is still huge though our minimum wage is one of the highest in the country so we'll see.




[deleted]




This particular CEO didn't "build" a multi-national corporation. If we were talking about owners? Fine, whatever. 




It's actually pretty good quality. You would be surprised on the quality of leather, nubuck and suede on shoes like asics gel lytes, diadora's and saucuny. They are making some nice comebacks with their retro style shoes. 

I think if you are looking for some quality shoes, look at things like gel-lyte 3 or 5 by asics, diadora has many times that give different shapes and looks (i'm not too good at it), saucauny really has 1 or 2 nice looking shoes. 

Honestly the retro style shoes like air max 97, asics gel-lytes (released in 90's) and other old styles are making their comebacks. It's pretty popular, almost hipster like. Right now everyone is looking either for style or comfort, you really aren't going to get my from the athletic point of view. If you are looking for a upcoming running/marathon shoe the new Vaporfly 4% by Nike is the next big thing :)




You aren't paid for the work you do you are paid for the value you add to the company. If you hired someone for 10 dollars and they generated 10 dollars of profit you as a business owner made no money. If someone generated 20 dollars and you employed them for 10 dollars you made as much as you paid the employee. The employee is risking nothing by working for you and you have loans in the millions. Who deserves a bigger cut? Now scale it up to a corporation with billions in profits. You hire someone responsible with generating billions for you which means a salary of 50 million is reasonable considering the revenue he generates. Now the CEOs who have proven track records of generating these kinds of profits are not easy to employ. You could go with someone inexperienced for far cheaper but why do that when you can pay someone a measly 50 million to secure you billions. That rockstar CEO is gonna want assurances when they take the job. They want guaranteed pay and contract period. Every CEO worth their salt will demand the same thing. Just like anyone else who is an expert in their field. 




Well they treat their customers well. If they pay and treat their employees well, I see no reason why the execs shouldn't make plenty of money, especially since I'm sure many of them have been around since the beginning. But if one of those things isn't true, then yeah, fuck 'em!




I don't understand why the CEO making $23M/yr would make us upset. Are their other workers not paid fairly or something? The CEO alone making a ton of money doesn't really matter much to me unless there is some other injustice being done to the workers.

If the CEO is making a lot of money, but the employees are also making reasonable pay with decent benefits, then there wouldn't be a problem. 




People are mostly rallying behind NF because of the net neutrality stuff. But yeah, common sense should dictate that they are as evil and self-serving as any other huge company.




i mean he's worth like 2.2 billion, so his salary is still low. i wonder why he only owns 2.75% of HIS company though. Like how, Bezos is about to be the richest person on earth and also started his company and owns MUCH more.




All of these people don't seem to want to live in a world where it's not possible to make 8 figures. Who here wants a world where your success is limited from he day you're born? Who wants to live in a world where no matter how hard you work you can never benefit from it? In that world humanity stagnates and our advancement ceases as there is no incentive. But for some reason anyone who makes 8 figures is evil? In my opinion it's because of a lack of satisfaction with their own lives and the resulting resentment towards those that did make it to that point. It's petty jealousy at its very core. 




$300/year...

Awesome.




http://amp.timeinc.net/fortune/2016/08/04/adidas-outperforming-nike-ua/?source=dam

Again Nike is getting whooped by Adidas.




Destroying in this sense isnt measured by how much money they are bringing in. Personally speaking i wore only Nike shoes for the last 15 years, it wasnt until recently that i made the switch over to Adidas due to their style and sole choices.  Im not the only one making this type of switch, which is what the term "destroying" would mean. Adidas is getting people to stop wearing Nike and thats is something that hasnt happened in a while.

5 years prior i told you there were just taking off, id say they've hit their max peak 5 years later with BOOST and are now riding that wave until it crashes. Maybe that will be in 5 or 10 years, we dont really know.






There it is, knew it was a Nike fuck boy.




Sorry, I forgot they stop existing once they're laid off




Sorry, fired by Nike recently. Mother just died, can't pay for funeral




That's entirely your opinion, and for many it is morally unconscionable that a single person should receive such a widely excessive amount of compensation when we have such drastic amounts of inequality, poverty, and lack of basic necessities that all could be provided in the absence of this kind of greed.




Yes. Ownership of tools and land is exactly what is fucking millions of people over every day.




Unfucking believable.  
  I never made that point!!  
  Please, when you reply to me, can you quote me, because I'm not anticorporation or anti Nike. I'm not saying this guy needs to shut Nike down because he can't pay wages.

Did you not read my post, what the fuck! You are doing exactly what the other guy did and are putting words in my mouth.

Look, my anger is not at Nike. Its at the dude who decided to paint the multimillionaire a victim, while saying the poor 1000 guys will be fine.  Because the multimillionaire doesn't actually need our support, trust me, he's isolated, represented at every level of government in more than one country. 

Can you tell me, where in my post I said "close the bakery because he can't pay wages"?  Because I never made that point




Oh, now I see your point 




If this one employee doesn't perform, it barely impacts the brand. If the Nike CEO fucks up - it can kill the company. 




I'm well aware of the maximum wage, thank you. I'm just saying that you are a supporter of regulated market. I want you to be aware of that. 


We do not currently have a free and unregulated market. So if you support what is in place now you support a regulated (protected) market. 




>Well I have no idea what you are talking about

Not in the least surprising.




I have heard this as well, this is true as far as i know of all outlets - not directly tied to the factory where they are producing the goods. This is why I normally shop clearance at the actual store.

edit: I have heard this is true of Black Friday deals as well anymore. 




Here's the  whole piece by German investigative journalists (in German). It's called [The Outlet Lie](http://www.ardmediathek.de/tv/WDR/Die-Outlet-L%C3%BCge/WDR-Fernsehen/Video?bcastId=18198186&documentId=44200500). 

It was in the news here in Europe. Turns out most clothes sold in outlets is of vastly inferior quality and made specifically for outlet stores by all big brands, from Calvin Klein to Tommy Hilfiger.

I don't know about the US, things may be different. But [other sources](https://www.buzzfeed.com/sapna/customers-finally-aware-that-most-outlet-merchandise-is-now?utm_term=.vvejqZ3P74#.nkOwBLvaRK) claim the same thing. I'm pretty sure Nike is no exception.




If I'm being lied to that it is the SAME clothing sold in the stores, not cheaper made clothes that reflect the poor quality with the price.  Just looking for honesty in their advertising I guess




This is the correct answer. 




Yeah stuff that doesn't move as well In one region, you might have a reseller in the sticks who doesn't move Jordans at all. So they have a bunch left over and meanwhile finish line in every metro area there was a line and they were sold out within an hour of open. So they move the stock including the t shirts and shit that go with that release to outlets. 

There's great deals in the outlets, just have to know what you're looking for. 




Thank you someone knows. Why does everyone in this thread think Nike would take the effort to make two different tier qualities of each model... it's clearly just older stock and overflow.




I suppose that's a pretty good way to know




Just to add, I bought a Tech Fleece Windrunner for $25 and a Tech Knit Pocket for $12 during the last 30% off sale. They're definitely the same Tech Fleece and Tech Knit you see on NDC and at places like Champs.




Again, I'm not challenging the idea that prices are adjustied.

I'm challenging the hilariously false idea that _all_ prices are adjusted this way, and that there is no such thing as a lowered price or discount, only a "trick" price. That's false, and if you claim to work at Best Buy and have never once seen a discount, markdown, clearance or actual sale, and have only seen "fake sales", then I am comfortable calling you a liar.

For example, I bought a television stacking a few Black Friday sales at Target this past year for $168. A discounted price + 10% Storewide + 10% Electronics Tuesday = a price significantly lower than Ebay/Amazon has ever held the TV for. Even today similar units off the shelf at Target are $250+. I can ebay it right now for $219 "open box new". But I paid $168! 

Which makes sense -- it was a doorbuster, a lossleader (or a thin margin) item designed to drive traffic to higher margin "fake sales" deeper in the store.

There are good deals to be had for those who look.




Tell me your secrets oh magical dwarf.




It's all overpriced. I occasionally get passes to the Nike Employee store and everything is 50% off. However, it's 50% off their jacked up MSRP so still isn't some amazing deal. There is far higher quality outdoor gear out there for what you pay for Nike; you're essentially paying for their design and style, which I'm honestly not a huge fan of. 




Upvoted. This is absolutely true. You do not get the same products at the outlets that you do at normal retail. I worked for The North Face and when I walked into an outlet I couldn't recognize damn near any of the product in the store. Jackets that looked like ones I was familiar with were no longer 100% down fill, but a 50/50 down/poly blend (cheaper). The quality of the outermost layers was no longer a high quality nylon, but a lower quality polyester. 

Sure, you get to wear the logo of the brand you love, but it absolutely is not the same quality (this is also why outlet purchases don't have the same warranty). 

They do this because they can sell a cheaper product to manufacture directly to consumer for only slightly lower retail price. The consumer thinks they're getting a deal on a high quality product and the brand gets a higher profit margin.

Pretty sketchy deal to be honest. I wasn't comfortable with it.




most of what nike sells in their outlets is unsold mainline merchandise. but it's all really bad. the stuff that didn't sell because it's ugly as fuck. some decent stuff and some stuff only available at outlets as well, although it's not of any lower quality than their mainline merchandise. 

that said, you can find nike stuff at a discount anywhere. 




How can I tell if it's an outlet store? Asking for a friend. 




That is like saying adidas boost is plastic.  A gross oversimplification.  To begin with polyester is very much a technology, a chemical engineer would be disgusted by the insinuation it is not.  Then on top of that a traditional polester shirt does not wick it doesnt breath at all.  Wicking shirts are woven and chemically treated to move the sweat from the inside of your shirt to the outside. 




I've always found that at least as far as tennis shoes go (Used to play competitively), Adidas shoes are unmatched in durability. I started out wearing Nike's but I would burn literal holes in them in 2 months. I switched to Adidas and they lasted twice as long. I think Adidas still has that sweet six month warranty where they'll send you a free pair if you wear yours out before then, so I got 2 pairs for the price of one.




It's a shame really. 

I wear mine near daily but usually only after work. Mostly indoors or on paved surfaces. Occasionally in grass or fields and whatnot. 

I wish I could find something that looked decent and didn't fall apart so quickly.




Yeah but to be honest you also have sandpaper carpeting




Time to get on the Goodyear welt game if you want style and durability 




I recommend you the brand: CAT

They are the first brand that actually not only lasts longer than the usual 3-7 months (tho' record low was 1 week of normal use and hole on the sole) but they last at least 2 years and I usually need to change them every 3 years. On top of it all, they are comfortable AF.

Love them.




Yep.  Such good shoes.




Talk to any podiatrist and they will tell you I'm right




I looked but couldn't find any, but ask a UK shoe buyer. It's genetic and something that's not shared with our nearest neighbours. 




But he isn't doing the job which is the whole point of the cut.   He's failing and still making a boat load. 




Like I said, we're at an impasse. This is a societal issue, not a market-value issue. Wealth continually and further concentrated to the top will not end well for anyone.




I'm not arguing that the work of someone is not more valuable than others, just that it's not 900 times more valuable. I don't know what a reasonable highest to lowest paid ratio in a company would be, I'm not an economist, but I'm positive that 900:1 is an unfair ratio.




Maybe the sheep is better than the lion? Maybe 10x or 100x or 200x but when the person is 900 times better and that is AFTER a 71% pay cut, I don't think that's reasonable,and that that is responsible for many of the problems in the world today




How does it work? What justifies such a gap?




Hot coals are generally hotter than pavement though no?




I don't understand what your point is.




Yet you, society, vote in people that respond and continue to allow that.

Greed doesn't need justification nor does anything.  Nor do I have a problem with greed, as the only purpose of business is to make a profit.

And I don't see the "180".  Society allows for workers to be low paid with the understanding they will be taken care of by society rather than the company. 




He doesnt need to build it up, obviously he is the guy with right skillset to manage this company, he is the one they want.




[deleted]




I bought the gel-lyte line from asics. Not sure if it was the 3 or 5 though, I think it was the 5. I've had one pair for 2 years and the other for a year, bought the same shoe just a different color.  They've held up beautifully. I've even washed one pair and still no problems. 








[deleted]




I mean, I'm not saying that all CEO's are good people, but if we're going to claim they're evil, we should at least have a good reason.




Lul. They work their IT teams to the bone.




Uh...yes? There absolutely are other workers not being paid fairly, that's why these companies produce all their products in poor countries with no labour laws. 




If you're going to call something evil, at least explain why.  "They're a big company" doesn't really justify it.




Too bad [Netflix publicly withdrew from the fight for Net Neutrality](https://www.cnet.com/news/net-neutrality-netflix-reed-hastings/) citing that it no longer benefits them to do so. They literally used it as marketing and now that they're up there with the big dogs, they simply don't give a shit anymore.




Yeah, I make 5 figures, and I am hopeful to make 6 somepoint in the near future.  When I look at people like Marc Zuckerberg - who was already a billionaire at my age - I don't assume he's a bad person just because he earned several orders of magnitude more money that I have at my age.  I see where he created something that earned a lot of money, and he through ownership of his company, and earnings as the CEO of the company made sense from a capitalistic standpoint.

I'm envious that I haven't thought of something successful like Facebook.  I would love to experience that level of financial success.

I've run websites and had unique side-hustles before - never making much profit, but I really do see innovation to be driven by a quest for personal profit.

It's a perfectly rational thing to want, and it's accessible to anyone who wants it.  You're not guaranteed a fortune, but you are guaranteed the opportunity to try to make one.

When it comes to my judgement of people's salaries, I look at what the person actually has done for the company.  If the CEO has no tenure, obscene salaries seem weird, unless they have a history of short-term success at other companies.  Mark Parker has been with the company since the late 70's and he's climbed the ladder ever since.  He invested time into Nike when it went public, and owns a substantial share from his investment over the years.

He's played a central role in the growth of multibillion dollar company, and he's reaping the benefits of those investments.

And people act like comparing the wage of workers and executives makes much sense.  Workers work their shift and go home.  Executives never ever stop being executives.  International companies never sleep.  These jobs are demanding.

Look at Elon Musk.  He works something like 18 hours per day, every day of the week.  He lives and breathes his profession - that's what these entrepreneurs do to earn the salaries they do.




That article says Nike is still by far the biggest 




How many people are switching from Nike to adidas

And yes, it is all about bringing in revenue




Ps. Also, lying. Never worked for Nike, just checking to see if you had a pulse. Guess not. 




how so? Give me an example. Is U-Haul kicking you out of your house, or ripping the food from your mouth? 




You started this discussion demanding that the man who just took a 71% pay cut to save jobs be taxed more heavily on the remaining 29%. You clearly don't care that he saved jobs, you just want to punish him for being wealthy. You are nothing more than a raving Bolshevist.




If Nike CEO actively sits on his ass and  doesn't do anything, the company will run just fine.




I do. Not one with a maximum wage though.Computer Science is no more about computers than Astronomy is about telescopes.




You haven't cited any part of the tax code or even defined what you mean by dodging 




I have heard of other companies doing this, but I've never seen any evidence Nike does it.




Ah fair enough. I would still hope people see the cheaper stuff and ask WHY is it cheaper though. It's not like they want to sell at those prices 




And it totally varies by brand. For example banana republic and brooks brothers are almost 100% factory lines while the polo and north face outlets have a lot of mainline merch. Not sure about Nike 




Because it popular to hate big companies?




Please show me where I stated all? I see "most". 




Okay, here's my secret... have my genetic make-up.




Nike products are extremely overpriced considering children in Indonesia are stitching together Nike's shoes, shirts, balls etc




The Nike clearance store near me is cheap. I got a pair of high top Jordan's and another set for £56 which is $70-80? I've seen them in stores for $120 each. 




Do you have any evidence Nike does this?




You must have shitty outlets because where I live it's exactly the opposite. I can't even count how much money I've saved (and spent) at outlet North Face, Dick's, Under Armour, Banana Republic etc. on clothes directly from their website. If anything the biggest problem is finding stuff in the right size because it's popular and sells out so fast. It might not be current season or the latest trend but it doesn't make a huge difference with those brands anyway.




9 times out of 10 it'll either say Nike clearance on the building 




[removed]




If anything, I have sandpaper feet.  They tend to break down from the inside out.




Yeah and that's why he got a cut. Put it this way, they didn't think it was worth replacing this guy for another person who would accept a 13.9m salary.




Market value is the same thing as society value.  Your market value is essentially society telling you what your labor is worth, what society is willing to pay for it.  Society is the market.




If a company is willing to pay him that much, thats his value. If a company is willing to pay a normal worker $1000, thats his value.




? So you don't know, yet are sure it's too much, I think I see the problem




this man can justify his salary by pointing to all that he's responsible for, including the resources of which he is a steward of. can you do anything remotely like that? what do you do daily that you believe generates any kind of economic value? a sheep can be fancy and do cool sheep things like produce really good wool, but it will never be a lion and do what a lion can. remove one sheep from a population and another will replace it no incident. remove one lion and it changes an ecosystem. 




> obviously he is the guy with right skillset to manage this company

Which is why they're having a rough year and have to cut his pay? Lol.




No worries. It's not for everyone :)

Hopefully you can find a pair that fits your needs, there are tons of designs and shapes out there. 




Employees have been persuaded that government intervention in the market is bad. That unions are bad. Workers have given up their advantages and weakened their negotiation position. As their productivity has gone up their share of the value they add has gone down. Relative to workers, CEOs negotiating position is better than it's ever been.




Well your comments imply we just hate anyone that makes a lot of money. But reddit LOVES Costco's CEO for example cuz Costco is a great company by basically every objective standard. 




They provide the best compensation in the industry.




People on this site are unbelievable at times. 




Jesus Christ man. We don't hate all rich as fuck ceo's. 

Btw, fuck mark zuckerberg.. And Steve jobs. 

We don't hate them because they're rich.. We hate them because they're horrible people.




Nobody is arguing Adidas is now bigger than Nike..? In fact in my comment u replied to I said once Adidas DOES become equal to Nike i hope both can make great products and compete.

But Adidas now is catching up and chipping away at Nike rather than Nike continuing to grow.

Take an L




> How many people are switching from Nike to adidas

A large amount, /r/Sneakers used to be heavily Nike/Jordan it has now become more Adidas based. Shoe Vloggers have been doing more reviews for Adidas than Nike and talking about them more often.

The Yeezy line from Kanye has taken off and they've made the more readily available which has gotten more people to buy them at retail price vs the crazy mark up.

> And yes, it is all about bringing in revenue

I never said it wasnt, im saying the term "destroying" is being used in a different way than a monetary value. 




It's a bit more complex than that.




I started this discussion in response to a guy defending the poor multimillionaire while saying the other 1000 lads will be fine.




Most of us are dumb... Show a "sells for" price next to a RED SALE PRICE and we think we're gettin a deal!!! Its hard to shop smart and get value for your dollar with all the games they play... Shit the bacon cabals have quietly shrunk the size of bacon from 500g a package to 375g a pack!!! That's like 4 goddamn slices!  No one knows about it though... Those evil executives and their Jedi mind tricks have me spending my money before my cheque clears!




> Even Black Friday is a lie. And if you don't believe me watch the cost of literally anything, from any store, for a year.

"Black Friday is a lie" this is a false statement, because for it to be a lie "all" sales must be fake. If there are real sales on Black Friday, how is it a lie?

Then you say "watch the cost _literally_ anything, any store"

Sounds like a way to say "all" to me. 




Gotcha, guess I'll download it off your hospital's leaked patient files, CRISPR myself a retrovirus and get cracking. Or start a clone army, anyone who fully physically matures in 14 years would make a great archetype for expendable clones. Unless you'd be interested in some sort of mass breeding project?




Checks username, his true secret is coke!




He's talking about the employee store in Beaverton, OR. You need a pass from a Nike corporate employee to get in, and it's like a full line Nike store except 50% off, it's not a clearance or outlet store. They drop new shit there all the time, it's all just 50% off. It's literally the shit if you're into Nike stuff. It can be hit or miss tho, sometimes it's terrible especially after a weekend.




of course not.  i buy all my shit at clearance outlets.  fantastic prices.




I don't, but I think it's safe to assume it's not exclusive to one brand. 

It's possible Nike is just huge enough and have enough sale product for them to sell in-line product at outlets, but I doubt it.




I should have clarified: There are a handful of SKUs that are legit TNF items that are sold at outlets. You can usually find stuff that sold more poorly than the brand expected like funky colors of items like the Nuptse Jacket or Quince, but the majority of items are made directly for outlets. 

While the % of items that are legit may vary, direct to outlet manufacturing is definitely not just a North Face thing.

edit: 

1. Dick's is not an outlet, it's a third party retailer. The clothes you buy there from any brand will not be direct to outlet quality.
2. How do you know it wasn't direct to outlet items purchased from the outlets? Did you compare the SKU to actual items at the online store? Direct to outlet items look almost exactly the same as some legit items until you look at the materials used. 
3. I'm telling you as someone that worked for one of these brands. I'm not speculating, I'm telling you how it is. While it may vary slightly from brand to brand, this is exactly how it is for The North Face.




[removed]




Except they're not mutually inclusive. There are societies that do not determine wages, to the same degree anyway, based on "market value". They're two different things in this context. 

As I said, we're at an impasse. You'll never agree that it's absurd the amount of money they make while the median income stagnates. The ratio of CEO to average worker pay has skyrocketed over the last few decades, all the while worker productivity has increased about five-fold...support trickle down all you want, you'll never see a dime of it.




What don't you under stand about that? In saying that I think the idea ratio is below 900, I don't know how much EXACTLY below 900 because I'm not an economist. Could be 200 300 400 idk, but 900 hundred is too high. You don't have to be an expert on something to have an opinion




Companies have rough years all the time - do you even know anything about this shit?




Not to mention the expertise required to be a successful CEO has gone up. Corporations have grown larger along with profits. Where a CEO in the 50's might require a wealth of experience in the industry of choose now requires a master of both domestic and international trade, banking, workers rights, shipping etc. Basically it's a job that needs to be executed by a singular individual and cannot be left to automation (at least for the foreseeable future) 




It's mostly just /r/news.

This subreddit always has an undertone of teenage angst and rebellion no matter what we're discussing. Most important news doesn't even reach the top, it's user-curated to pick the goofy narratives.




Why are they horrible people?  If you're going to assert that you don't hate them because they are rich, at least explain why you hate them...




How is it chipping away?  That's what I'm asking

What L?




Lol "Take an L". What is this, twitter? Stop arguing so aggressively




Not sure if Kanye fans or a subreddit is enough to say of a substantial change




You made the first post friendo. 




Title: 
Cambodian female workers in Nike, Asics and Puma factories suffer mass faintings

Comments: 
Such companies should have demanded that heat reclaim system were installed, to pull out hot air and dust. Shameful given that it would make no impression on their profits. 




Oh well.

Know how to stop this?

Pass legislation requiring companies with US offices and US sales to follow minimum safety guidelines set out by OSHA, regardless of the country the factory is in, and require US-approved inspections.

Can't inspect the factory because the country won't allow inspectors, or the country won't allow those safety requirements?

Too bad!  Guess you won't be selling those products here.

It doesn't even need to be that demanding, but sadly, "don't kill people" has to actually be legislated. 




Nike had to cut back on air. They were saving it all for their Jordans.




So is this the reason that the shoes are so unnecessarily over priced? 




Fuck these companies, it's no better than slave labour I have no idea why this shit isn't illegal! 




This has been a thing since Cambodia first industrialized... Their cultural-religious response to extreme work conditions is fainting due to belief in spirit possession. https://mobile.nytimes.com/2014/01/18/opinion/workers-of-the-world-faint.html

Among those who do not believe in spirit possession, fainting is way way lower. 




Boycott these companies, I want no part of their greedy tactics




OMG IM SHOCKED 
*continues to buy products made in the third world under deplorable conditions*




These companies don't own the factories. The factories are owned by local companies who bid on contracts to fabricate Nike garments.  




Humanity at its finest.  :)




Well, what the fuck you expect from sweatshop labor???

These women work in absolutely Gilded Age conditions, that's the *beauty* of so-called "laissez-faire/free market" capitalism.

Their workshop conditions are the libertarian paradise:

No minimum wage

No benefits

No sick days

No collective bargaining or unionization

No workman's compensation

No retirement plans

No lunch breaks

14 hour days in awful conditions with no safety regulations




This better not drive up the price of my shoes 




I've met the founder of Asics in person and I was taken aback at how much of a nice person he isn't.




Love my American made New Balance sneakers. I refuse to buy products made in countries like Cambodia, Bangladesh and China.

No I'm not a jingoistic red neck. I sincerely believe in human and worker's rights. Buy American, ...or buy German, or Japanese, or Poland etc. Stop buying plastic crap from countries who you know abuse their citizens and you will put pressure on these companies to be give a shit.




Anyone who supports nike and the rest of these unethical shoe companies, who utilize cheap labor from countries with little or no workers rights laws, have no right to call themselves an Liberal or patriotic Americans. These companies could employ millions here at home, instead they exploit the weak and powerless, fuck these heartless assholes.




You guys act like people who wear Nike are pieces of shit. Chill out.




If this happens in the US it will absolutely bankrupt those companies!




I'm going to posit that there's a cultural angle to the "fainting".




I figure I haven't earned any downvotes lately, so here I go.

[In Defense of Sweatshops](http://www.aei.org/publication/defense-sweatshops-theyre-often-best-fastest-way-poor-escape-poverty/)




All these companies suck. Sorry, at a time they were great, but since their greatness they have become part of the problem with humanity.




Any F500 company will do anything to make money. 




"I cannot work, I feel dizzy as if I may faint."
...
"You must work now. JUST DO IT."




Why do they put "female" in the title.. It's not like this is a gendered issue. During the Rio Olympics they didn't say "male construction workers overworked". 

Get your agenda out of the news!! 




 The U.S. does have several laws designed to address the issue of the importation of goods made by children and slaves. For example, Section 307 of the Tariff Act of 1930 prohibits the importation of merchandise produced, in whole or in part, by prison labor, slaves, or forced labor of children. The U.S. Department of Labor (DOL) is also mandated by congress and by the Trafficking Victims Protection Reauthorization Act of 2005 to carry out activities designed to reduce the likelihood of import of goods produced by forced labor or children. 

Unfortunately, because these goods are produced overseas and outside the jurisdictional bounds of the United States, it is difficult to monitor for compliance. Often goods may be produced in one location that the U.S. may be aware is employing slave or child labor forces, but then shipped to another and distributed by a different company with no obvious ties to the first.

https://www.hg.org/article.asp?id=31787


The 1930 Tariff Act, which generally barred imports that regulators determined were made with enslaved, coerced, or child labor, allowed a glaring exemption for products that were needed to meet US consumer demands. Reflecting America’s peculiar market exceptionalism, the policy explicitly prioritized the “rights” Americans to unbridled consumption, over the human rights of people in bondage abroad, as long as they were producing something we really, really wanted.

https://www.thenation.com/article/finally-a-ban-on-slavery/




Won't see this in a New Balance factory.




Modern day slavery is worse than medieval slavery imho tbh fam




It the goddamn vapors again! Call Lindsay Graham.




Just added three brands to my "boycott" list.




These companies would not exist if there were no customers. Savvy?




Pumas are still around? 




Twenty years ago when I was in Cambodia my driver stopped outside a factory for some brand, I forget which. The brand owned and operated the factory.  He excitedly told us that the factory paid double the usual wages, had air conditioning, and workers only worked eight hours a day. He said they wanted more factories like that. I got home and the news was plastered with how the factories pay only $5 a day or something. So the answer was, contract the work out to local  businessmen and let then do whatever they want to do to meet the contact price. I'm not saying it was better the other way, but these guys get paid a certain amount and increase their profits by cutting their costs. It didn't help the workers. 




Only the female workers? 




How is this news? I don't see how this has any effect on straight white males...




Seems like someone wasn't watching thier sim's sleep meters.




Let's hear it for globalization....




I'm confused...
 b/c lots of people I know from these countries (living here) complain how cold it is, and prefer the heat.

 maybe they're just fake fainting so they can nap longer?

 That's what the Spanish call "taking a siesta". It's natural, and if anything, they'll wake up feeling refreshed and full of energy.




This is why we should be making shit here instead of the third world. Here we can make products ethically and environmentally responsible. Exporting Labour to the developing world is only supporting human suffering.




You know we could be attacking this problem from both sides... companies could give workers just working conditions and Cambodians could refuse to work for companies that don't treat them right...




Was it after designing Rodman's new shoes and learning of the correlation between foot size and schlong size?




> Shameful given that it would make no impression on their profits.

But it'd start the standard that they actually have to take action..





It would have a huge impact on profits. A/C necessitates electrical and plumbing infrastructure which are expensive to build and upkeep. Much more expensive than letting your workers die and replacing them with more basically free labor.




I work near a Ford plant and one the employee's told me if it reaches a certain temp in the building they get 2 free gatorades. No AC though which really sucks. 




> heat reclaim system

What is that?




[deleted]




Exactly. Keeping the place safe and a semi reasonable temperature is all they need to do. These 60 hour weeks aren't that big of a deal. I work 55-60 in a kitchen at 75-80F or 27-29C. On bad days it is easily over 30C. I'm fine. I have access to cold water and explosions/thick smoke aren't even a possibility. The difference is safety and simple measures to make it tolerable. These cost basically nothing for a "5.7 billion" industry.




Those companies and most companies only refer to their employees by a number and don't really consider their slaves I mean workers as actual humans anyway.

The shareholders don't have to answer to anyone legally or not so they push their companies to do whatever it takes to increase profit.

This is our future too.  Huzzah. 




Reminder that this all stems from globalization, NAFTA, and other liberal ideas




Congress is busy killing regulations, not making them.




Never gonna happen, got to protect the profits of multinational companies.  Who cares about the employees when you can get cheap shit. THINK OF THE PROFITS !!!




It'd never work, it would would it die in Congress the second it would be announced.  Not to mention getting pass the Senate, or having a Presidential signature.




Gee the world could use some sort of partnership that could oversee abuse of humans in terrible conditions.... some sort partnership... 




You pass legislation on safety requirements for your own country.  It shouldn't matter who the owner is.  You can't enforce American laws in a different country.




Be careful. Your key is "US sales" 




You would think it would be profitable to have your employees not faint. 




If there is a chance of this happening, unfortunately someone would at the last second find it irresistible to go "puh well let's be honest it's never gonna happen", to which they'd go "sure, given that you've already accepted it let's just go with that". Okay not literally, but I think apathy is a huge roadblock to solving these problems. People insist they've impossible you solve, and then oh look!-- they don't hey solved. Now they're twice as certain nothing will ever very solved. With an attitude like that, who needs enemies?




Lol screw this, good way to run out any small business trying to manufacture anything and have fun with 2x product price increase.  Have you not learned corporations dont lose? they pass the cost onto the consumer.




In general that's a good idea, however it does cause problems to have to follow multiple sets of (possibly contradictory) safety guidelines in a given factory.

I'd be much more up to OSHA or *recognized equivalent* guidelines being followed.

Or hell, just a set of minimum standards, something that could be met by the specific guidelines in different developed countries.




Something I find strange is that OSHA doesn't actually regulate a max allowable temperature in the workplace. Someone please correct me if I'm mistaken.




I'm not sure the US government has the legal authority to dictate to companies how their factories overseas must operate.




Know how to stop this? Pass trade agreements like the TPP that raise worker standards and enforce them. Damn shame that populists killed it though.




I love this idea.  Too bad there is no political will in Washington to pass something like this.




Regulating businesses abroad or restricting access to such would likely run afoul of the WTO. If you want to fix it then go to stock holder meetings.  
  
It also must be realized that the US cannot enforce its will nor should it in countries other than itself. 




That would absolutely decimate the US economy. Every multi-national worth it's salt would leave. Sales in the rest of the world > sales in the US.




Which, to my knowledge, are status symbols in poor black communities. There is a point here about false gods and the madness of external validation but I'm not yet articulate enough to make it.




Even using 1st world labor the cost of shoes is 80-90% administration, marketing and markup for profit. The costs of production doesn't have as much impact on the final price as you would think, most of the saving from foreign labor is absorbed by the administration that setup the foreign deal.




What should the price be based on your analysis?




Lobbying influence + a lack of empathy from the general populace towards foreign workers we can't see is why it's legal.




Because it generally  [helps lift](http://www.aei.org/publication/defense-sweatshops-theyre-often-best-fastest-way-poor-escape-poverty/) those factory workers out of worse conditions? 




I take it you don't know about the cost of living in Cambodia and the wages these factory workers take in? 




To what other jobs in their country are you comparing this one? Or do you expect them to live like we do? 




There's strong bipartisan support for overseas sweatshops.




slaves don't have a choice these people do




Did Cambodia pass a law you are speaking about?




That's correct.

But we can't do anything about those local companies fucking over the workers, because they are owned by the local Cambodian elite who gives a fuck about poor people in their country.

But we *can* do something about Nike or Puma doing business with them. And Nike or Puma can force the local elite to maintain a certain minimum standard in those factories.





[deleted]




The old, i take all the money and you take the responsibility technique. What? They're makeing my product? Nothing to do with me.




Most companies I know will do a audit twice a year of their suppliers. 




So they aren't responsible for how their shoes get made because they intentionally set up a system to trick people like you into carrying their water on the internet?




[deleted]




That would be a damn tragedy




Your own greed for an article of clothing to go on your feet drives the price. 




New Balance produces shoes overseas for sale in the US market as well.      
        
So I thought i would look inside the tongue of the 5 pair I have:    
     
One is made in USA     
Two are made in China    
One is made in Indonesia     
One is made in Vietnam
       
     
Of those, the highest priced pair was made in... China.    
        
I also leaned I have a lot of old worn out New Balance shoes in my closet that need to be thrown away.   
     
edit:format




Me too.  My USA New Balances were less than $100 from https://www.joesnewbalanceoutlet.com




How do you buy phones?




Hate to break this to you, but companies treat people like shit in the US too.




>No I'm not a jingoistic red neck. I sincerely believe in human and worker's rights. Buy American, ...or buy German, or Japanese, or Poland etc. Stop buying plastic crap from countries who you know abuse their citizens and you will put pressure on these companies to be give a shit.


But what about the citizens who would rather work than than be subsistence farming?




Basically any item of clothing you buy is from nearly the same conditions. It's the entire fast fashion industry that has a problem.




So what would be an ethical shoes/apparels company worth buying from?




It is all of us who keeps buying the shoes. Also: many countries have poor working conditions all over the place. Some people actually want their crappy jobs because it keeps them from working an even crappier one. 




I don't want to pay $200 for shoes, so...




Oh PLEASE. Nike's sweatshops were exposed in 1970.

you are about 47 years late.




I presume you used either a phone or computer to make that post...both of which are made in similar conditions. So, you too are likely a supporter.




You're saying that like Nike is only available in the US




I'm a conservative and wear Sperrys and New Balance.

While I support the idea of factory production internationally there should be at a minimum a basic level of worker safety and common decency.




Damn shame we didn't pass the TPP which would have been a step in the right direction for these countries




Isn't it completely fucked? People don't think about it, but we have basically created a slave based system for total profit not at home. 

My grandma was talking about how much cheaper a product was at Walmart than anywhere else. I'm talking over 50%. I tried to explain to her exactly why that is and how they exploit their workers through this giant monopoly. How its modern day slavery and how many die just making stupid things for our comfort. She then told me, "Anything to save a buck!"

Wow.




These people chose these jobs because theyre the best available, these countries are just industrializing there are growing pains.




In many cases the jobs provided to these "cheap labor" workers are better than other jobs they could get where they live. The extra pay helps raise their families out of poverty, so it's a win-win: your shoes are cheaper and their families are better off. 

Sure, let's solve global poverty as a whole, agreed that's a worthy goal. But I'd argue that Nike is actually making the world a better place by bringing higher paying jobs to these regions. 

Obviously better air conditioning would be the right thing to do here. 




It's not like factories *force* these people to work for them, the workers do it voluntarily because it's the best they have. If the factories close, where are all the workers going to go to earn a living? 




Im cool with it, they sell shoes all over the world and arent just an american company.  




Clothes and electronics are all made like this, you're going to have to get over it or live in the woods.




You're begging the question by sayijg they're unethical before providing an argunent for that conclusion.




Agreed, my favorite running and basketball shoes are nike

Plus a lot of the haters are probably at least owning a sweet pair of cons




Assuming they know about sweat shops (who doesn't) then yes, they are.





But it didn't and it won't. People will still buy Nike and Puma because sports stars like Michael Jordan just do what they're told. And the bastards who buy this crap? They laugh about it like it's a fucking joke or they don't bother enough to inform themselves.




Found the sweatshop owner/operator. 




There is no defense for sweatshops. These workers could be treated better but they are not for the sake of profit margins. It's up to the consumer to boycott the immoral companies which utilize sweatshops and buy products from companies that aren't completely fucking soulless.





What are you talking about? They say women because most of the people who work in these types of sweatshops are women. [\(like, 90%\)](https://www.dosomething.org/us/facts/11-facts-about-sweatshops)




[removed]




Oh.. but .. let me tell you this.. .do you know... USA prisoners work in factories? produce stuff? licenses plates and other stuff? in US soil?  ... manual labor... 2$ a day paycheck ? hmm? do you??




What was medieval slavery like? 




I understood your sarcasm and gave you an upvote.




>This is why we should be making shit here instead of the third world.


Sounds like somebody needs to read up on [corn laws](https://www.reddit.com/r/neoliberal/comments/6jkhwc/whats_with_all_the_whos_that_guy_on_the_downvote) and why we don't use tariffs to stimulate local production anymore. All you will achieve is raising the cost of goods and decreasing the standard of living for the poor. You will make the workers in these countries unemployed, raise prices at home, and the burden of those raised prices will be largely carried by the lower class.

 




If these Cambodians had better options, do you think they'd be working at these factories? 




> But it'd start the standard that they actually have to take action..

Right. These companies don't want to give their employees *anything at all,* otherwise they'll be expected to be reasonable.




I hope there is a major change soon. 




Factories are rarely cooled at least the few in North America I've worked in. The huge spaces and machines producing heat means AC wont have much impact. Personal fans, water, venting wost offending  heat sources and training on recognizing heat stroke is all that is done here and sufficient. 

All these are way cheaper than AC and makes this case of mass fainting that much worse.





Just so wrong. 




Republican paradise.




Just a bit of wiring and the refrigerant tubing. No real plumbing needed. Rubber drain line to outside and you're done. 




its got what exploited workers crave




He needs to introduce the idea of heat reclaim which will suck out all the hot air, and return cooler air filtered, they also get energy off it, so the systems pay for themselves really fast. 




My wife works in a Chevy plant and they always have the AC cranked up crazy high, she said it's because if it gets to hot the machines stop working.




A heat reclaim system sucks all the hot air , fumes and dust out, uses the energy from that heat to heat water or fresh filter air which is drawn in. Brilliant for heating or cooling a large or domestic space, cost very little to instal or run, cheaper than air conditioning, but can be used alongside. The systems are being used in all sorts of building and run at 80% plus efficient.  




Make it a condition of import that all factories have representatives from the companies supervising conditions at the factories at all times. 




The cost would not even register on the profits, it totally unacceptable to cook people to death. 




Nike is not directly employee Cambodian worker X. 




Make it a condition of import that the companies have to keep inspectors there at all times. 




Regulatins too er jerbs!




I remember reading a thing about a woman who decided to personally boycott all products that were made by people in poor working conditions, to see how difficult it would be. I'm not sure how she constructed the list of these products, but I imagine it was long. She had to give up when she needed to buy shoes for her kids. There were literally 0 acceptable options.

We seriously need some level of protections for foreign workers.




I AM the Senate!




If only such a thing existed, and was respected by modern governments, no?




That partnership would have to go all the way across the Pacific. It would never work.




You can, however, enforce American laws at the border.

If you want to sell here, you should be required to be subjected to American standards, regardless of where you plop your factory.  If you don't want to provide that access, it's not illegal, and we can't prosecute you for human rights violations or other nonsense -- but we damn well can refuse to let you import your products here.  If you choose to provide contracts to foreign businesses that do not want to provide this access, but are integral to your business -- same deal.  Or if you are in a country that will refuse to allow Americans to travel there on business to inspect factories operated by or contracted by American businesses -- same thing. 




We do already.  For example child sex tourism is illegal even if it is legal in the area where it occurs.  Same logic should apply to slavery.




They've got a thousand desperate people standing outside their door waiting to get in and take their place.  That's the nature of poor, backwards economies where workers' rights and unions don't exist.






I could have 'fun' with the 2x price increase, if it means a healthier local economy.  You see, when corporations jack their prices up beyond what the market can bear, they don't sell products -- which in turn, drives their prices down.  Or they go out of business, and a smarter corp takes their place.

They are only doing the things they do now because we allow them to, and because people are too apathetic (or dumb) to realize that we don't have to.




It has the legal authority to dictate what comes into their borders.





It can enforce it's will at the border.

You can choose to cooperate at the border, or not bring your product in.  Part of 'cooperation' is ensuring humane treatment abroad where you do business.




Then let them leave.

Most would, actually, open factories here to sell product here.  There is still a great deal of money to be made, and they aren't going to miss out on it.  It is not the doom and gloom end of the world -- just a bunch of cronies crying fowl and throwing a tantrum.





Expensive stuff message cheaply by poor people are status symbols in every level of society.




"stop buying overpriced materialistic items you stupid fucks"




"Why You Should Shut Up When Poor People Buy New Nikes"

https://thesocietypages.org/socimages/2015/01/02/poverty-self-denial-and-new-nikes/




Indeed, but folks from **every** US culture, political identity and race, buy iphones, shop at walmart, buy Hershey, buy the new chinese made Stanleys, Chinese made Warn winches etc. etc.  Folks *know* their products are made with cheap labor, even salve labor (see chocolate) ....and buy them any way. 

That said, as far as shoes buy American made boots. They will last you 20 years when resoled. More money up front, but will save 100s of dollars by paying themselves back in 1 year. I've had my American made (not the overseas line) Danner boots for 23 years.




Worker deaths and conditions are a sacrifice to the god of veblen.




These companies have different grades of products for different markets, most brands do this now. So they will make piles of cheap sweatshop stuff specifically to sell in discounters, outlets and fashion shops, a lot of professional sports stuff to sell to people who will actually use it for sport will be made in a slightly better paid and monitored environment and then the Jordan type stuff will be sold to collectors and will be made very carefully either in the US or in a highly reputable outsourced company. 

If anything shoe collectors are encouraging best practice while those who don't take any interest are going to be encouraging cheap labour and unmonitored sweatshops.




Hood rich




This is inaccurate. As the majority of cost in running shoe assembly is labor and not materials, using first-world labor rates makes a massive difference. Do you have any idea how many steps there are in the gluing process alone? Implementing first world safety and environmental standards is also very expensive.

Source: have worked for a shoe manufacturer for 9 years and specifically spent the past 3 trying to set up manufacturing of running shoes here in the US. It's not nearly as easy as you'd think when you have to adhere to US regulations and not treat employees like they're disposable assets. 




You really think you're getting your moneys worth paying over 100 € or what ever currency you pay with? If Nike were manufacturing the shoes in the US or any country that don't use sweatshop rates of pay, then MAYBE they could justify the price. The quality is shite in most cases. 




Depends on the profit margin

You really deny the massive markup? They make, ship, and market each nike shoe for $30 and sell them between $60-120 depending on the store/color/style. They can do more to ensure these workers are raken care of and still keep the cost of the shoe below $40




You seem strangely invested in defending labor exploitation. 

Perhaps you could provide sources of your own to justify your defense of the costs of these goods? 

Edit: adding this to each of your comments since you see the need to saturate the entire post by suggesting that sweat shop laborers should be grateful and that a 1000 percent markup is necessary for marketing.   




Well for the shoes I would potentially get by Nike, they seem to run from $100-$150 which I think is a bit outrageous. Maybe $80 would be more fair. 




I guess my point is that they are still paid bare minimum, and pepper are still working over time and in shitty conditions. Companies use over seas workers because of savings but just a few hundred more and these workers can be comfortable, and you know respected. You can't justify it by saying well at least they have a job it gets them off the street.




Sometimes its the only "legit" job around.  My mother had a factory job. At one point America did well off factory jobs. Obviously they were treated better. Companies left  to give other countries shittier factory jobs because they can get away with more elsewhere.  




yeah they have a choice of working in a sweatshop or starving to death

Great set of choices we have there boys




Yeah their choices are to work in a factory making less than a dollar an hour, or starve to death.




Yeah like not buy their product, if only there was a way people had that choice...




Yup. It's mostly big Asian companies buying up cheap land in Africa from corrupt governments and plunking down massive factories. 

I visited Ethiopia one time and was driving through the hillside when I crested a hill and all you could see was farmland for miles and then a big square of 10 massive warehouses smack dab in the middle of all the farmers land. The government just sells the land away like there wasn't ever people there to begin with. 




> child slave workers are jumping out of windows

??? Where and when did that happen? Or are you simply mixing random "outrage buzzwords" here?




But at the same time, I sure don't want nikes being more expensive 




and I am sure all of your clothes are all made in America (hint, even the fabric or materials from America, like cotton, is sent overseas to get it treated right for making clothes)




How can you tell which New Balances were made in the US? 
Edit: Before you buy them and look on the inside of the tongue, I mean.




I think it goes down to picking your battles. Everywhere you turn you'll find evils in any industry and it's impossible to fix or avoid them all. /u/vanvelderulz may still eat fastfood or use a smartphone, but at least he only buys ethically made clothing. Better then most people could say about themselves.




My phone was made in South Korea.




Almost anything you buy these days is.




And it happens here in the states, focused mostly in the Garment District in LA. 




Used to be a man owned like, three outfits: leasure, work and formal. 

I am in love with the idea of owning and maintaining the same clothes for many, many years.

 Simplify instead of comodify.




With shoes at least there are options. New Balance makes a lot of stuff in the USA. 




And plenty of people who work there prefer this to subsistence farming.




This guy uses his worn out tires




New Balance.




Allen Edmonds, Alden, and Crockett & Jones are some ethical shoe companies. For clothing, companies like Kiton and Isaia have good ethical standards. 




Everlane is "ethical" and very reasonably priced




It only costs $30 to make a pair that is sold for more than 2x the cost.

We used to make the same shoes and clothing in textile industries in the U.S (Los Angeles) until companies moved internationally to further increase profit margins.




Buy once, cry once.

If your living depends on your feet, spend good money on shoes!  Even for going out and formal affairs, just get 1-2 good pairs instead of multiple pairs of cheaper, shittier shoes.




They just haven't stopped.




only because he included the world americans. 




Don't forget how atrociously Walmart treats their store workers too. They pay them minimum wage, schedule crap hours, don't hire enough people, and then give them instructions on how to apply for welfare benefits because they know they don't pay them a living wage. They're complicit in creating a permanent underclass subsidized on the taxpayers' dime right here in the US.

I cringed so hard when my mother-in-law said that she shops at Walmart because it's cheaper. Sure as a company that maybe single-handedly wrecking major parts of the global economy, but gotta get those glued together steaks and Chinese plastic baubles for a dollar cheaper than at Target! 




Its definitely not a monopoly




Grandma is probably racist and doesn't give a fuck as many elderly people are. 




Selling out your own grandmother for that sweet sweet karma.

Wow.




That's the thing. They really don't have a choice and have to work at these places, because it's the best offer. It's tragic, because the conditions are killing people. Yea they can survive, but making dollars a day, working 12 hour or more days 7 days a week.  Something needs to drastically change. 




But if you improve the working conditions of the slaves to "livable for humans", the billionaire stockholders can only buy 5 mansions in their lifetimes. 

5!






I wouldn't call it voluntary if it's the only option to make a living. If I'm locked in a room with only worms, am I really voluntarily eating worms if it's my only option to not starve to death?




Wearing Nikes now, I think the Cambodian sweat makes them more comfortable if anything




What type of computer or phone did you type that from?




So the workers in those shops deserve to live in extreme poverty? Working conditions in them suck, but you know what has even worse and more dangerous conditions? Subsistence farming.  No other social  change has improved the living conditions of the global poor more than globalized  manufacturing. And do you know how I realized that factories are generally a good thing? I realized that local people there aren't idiots. They vote with their feet. They move to factory towns, rather than stay doing what they were before. 

You know what will improve factory conditions? Trade agreements like the TPP that had workplace safety and worker rights built into it. They provide incentives for manufacturers to open plants in countries within the agreements, despite lower labor and regulatory costs elsewhere. Boycott whoever you want, but you can't force everyone else to follow along. Plus, it's not like the West is the only market out there. Do you think South America, China, or Southeast Asia give a shit about factory conditions when they buy clothes?

Stop acting like only America can solve every problem, and that only America knows what's best for Asian workers. We're the big kids on the block for now, but that won't necessarily always be true.  




Exactly!!! During the Olympics it was mostly male workers, but that was never specified.. It was just "workers". When it's women tho, they make sure to mention it to make it seem like there is this oppression towards women. Even tho work related death and injury is mostly males. 

That's the guardian I guess. Doesn't really count as news. They're opinion pieces 




I'm sure it's worse for men. Just look up the business practices of the Thai Union. Legitimate slavery but people still buy their tuna.




It is fairly well covered in the press but not much of mainstream media.  The fact that the US has more than 2.15 million people in jails and prisons is itself a reflection on an evil system.

https://www.theatlantic.com/business/archive/2015/09/prison-labor-in-america/406177/




Skimmed this article: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Slavery_in_medieval_Europe

Looks like it was a dying practice at the time and there were strict rules for the practice and severe punishments for violating said rules. (Castration for raping a slave for instance). 




Depends on where, but the rise of Christianity, Islam and Buddhism reduced the oppression of slaves.  In some places it was replaced by serfdom (like europe) which was more related to modern day sweat shops in a sense, except that the nobility living in close(ish) proximity to their serfs meant they were threatened by them if they got too pissed off or hungry.  This is no longer the case for modern serfs, who can just be mass incarcerated or beaten into submission or thrown on the streets to starve.

Places like the middle east, slaves could have families with non-slaves, their children were suppose to be (didn't always happen) born free, and Islam gave slaves the right to own their own property.  A slave could buy his own freedom if he managed to afford himself.  Many modern sweatshop workers will rent/lease until they die, or will only have a home owned by the company they work for.

I'm not too knowledgeable about slavery in India and East, or Sub-Saharan Africa.  Northern Africa was more akin to Arab style slavery than European style Serfdom, and that Empires were based on number of slaves as oppose to land acquisition (A defeated army had to give up their slaves, which were more like indentured servants than slaves).




world socialist revolution




Not unless you want to be paying quadruple the cost for everything you buy. The only reason its cheap here is because of the work conditions over there.




Amazon started installing AC in their warehouses after it made the news and made them look really bad. 




neoliberal paradise too




Yeah I think he means a real air conditioning system, how many small units do you think a factory will need? Prob in the hundreds




Kamin and his crazy atmospheric condensor talk again. Let's go watch Bezos launch his rocket.  




[deleted]




People are saying that companies should just suffer a little in terms of profits to provide these things to their employees, but why would they do that if shoppers don't care which companies treat employees well and which companies don't? I remember hearing in the news how Jordan Nike shoes were made by sweatshop workers according to investigative journalists. Did Nike take a noticeable drop in sales from that event? I never noticed a change in their marketing strategy, probably because people that buy Nike stuff don't give a shit about people in the third world.




No such thing as ethical capitalism or ethical consumption under capitalism unfortunately.




We need it, but we don't even protect everyone in our own country.  Remember we have "states" that aren't technically states that being to us.  We have unincorporated territories that belong to the US, that companies can legally have sweat shops that pay less than a dollar a day and the company can still claim it is made in the USA.. American Samoa is one of these locations, which provide Disney and Levi's with cheap labor.




Plus it would need a catchy acronym for the masses. 




I was under the impression the tpp would have done nothing to improve over seas working conditions. Could you link me to some source that suggests otherwise?




Which would be extremely difficult to enforce.




You want the US to regularly inspect just about every single factory in the world? That's absurdly unfeasible and expensive.   




Yup.  This is something a lot people cannot wrap their heads around.  These are "good jobs" in the places where sweatshops thrive.  Sure you're still dirt poor, but at least you earn a steady wage and you and your children are not starving.   As a woman, you can support yourself and your children and are not just at the mercy of whatever relative or man is willing to take you in.  




Still, costs for training even there must be high it takes like 3 weeks for a new employee to get to the productivity levels of recently fainted employee right?




"Live a monastic lifestyle for 635 years and you might save enough to escape poverty!"




Great article




Meh.  I don't care what poor people spend their money on, but it is just a little obnoxious to spend $200 on a pair of shoes and then turn around and bitch that you cannot afford rent or food.  




> They will last you 20 years when resoled.

Sounds like your local cobbler is the real winner.


By the way, where is this time machine you use to travel back and visit a cobbler? And if you could recommend a nearby hatter, that would be a timesaver. Combining haberdashery repairs, capital idea indeed...




So no answer to the question?




Well its your analysis so your choice of a profit margin

And you forgot a lot of other costs beyond production, shipping, and marketing




Definitely not and you already wrote this




Based on what?

By the way you can always get older models for about that price




And in return you have cheaper goods. 

Conditions were similar just as America was industrializing as well.




so would it be better they starve?




I hope one day the Ethiopian government starts representing the people.... all of them




Foxconn campus in china. It got so common they had to install safety nets outside the windows.




Iphone factories iirc.




[deleted]




This was happening a couple of years ago (and still happens), but there was a big stink about some factories when a media group got wind of it.

This stuff happens every day, but people tend not to report it, because it's seen as activist and not edgy enough.




I was actually hoping they found an ethically made smartphone




I don't eat fastfood, and my phone is made in Korea. Of course my xbox 1 is made in China and my recently purchased socks are made in Pakistan of all places. No one is perfect, but so few even make the slightest effort. 




It is pretty easy to find T-Shirts made in America. I wear Moosejaw, Homage, and Mollusk Surf. Chippewa for boots and some New Balance shoes. Pants/jeans are usually pretty difficult unless you have a lot to spend. You can actually buy primarily American clothing without spending a lot if you are patient and wait for stuff to go on sale. It is also important not to buy too much shit that you don't need.




 It quite to that level though. US manufacture doesn't guarantee that the employees are paid a fair wage or even a living wage, but it guarantees the conditions are better than the worst shops over seas. 




Nothing stops you from doing it




You seem strangely invested in defending labor exploitation. 

Perhaps you could provide sources of your own to justify your defense of the costs of these goods? 




But make sure to check the label before you buy. All the pairs I've seen recently are made in developing countries.




yeah ok i can't afford any of that 




Hahahahah Allen Edmonds. Worst example you could pick. America at large is not going to buy high end men's dress shoes. 

Maybe if wage inflation kept pace. But it didn't. So if income isn't increasing then expenses have to decrease. Enter China and Globalization. 




Nike is one of the better places by far because of the damage to sales they took when their factory conditions first hit the news many years ago. 




Yeah so why did he?




Walmart went back to minimum wage?  I thought they have been paying more than minimum wage for a few years now




They are taking over the market and forcing others out of business. They are doing their best to become a monopoly. 




Im not looking for upvotes. im commenting on a post. Just because people are family doesn't mean they are given a pass with me. That's shitty behavior at the expense of other people. People die over making our goods. 




Yes, let's immediately end all global suffering, good idea. You're not wrong, I just mean you have to consider what would happen otherwise. If Nike just up and left Cambodia, these workers *would be worse off*. Nike is taking advantage of cheap labor, yes. But we should encourage more companies to do that, not fewer, if we want to raise quality of life in these areas. 




Exactly, that's my point. If these factories close the workers won't have any means to earn a living. 




/r/LateStageCapitalism 




That's a huge fucking difference and if your head wasn't covered in your own shit you'd realize that.
There are no competitive smart phones that don't come from sweat shops. 
Shoes are a whole different ballgame. You don't HAVE to buy shoes made in sweatshops. You do because you don't give a fuck about people you'll never have to meet.





Sorry if I hurt your feelings, hope you dig the hip hop I sent you.




I don't know why you're assuming I only think America can solve the issue. Individuals can, which is why I'm so vehemently opposed to sweat shops, prison labor and slave labor.
Ultimately companies are more like animals or insects that groups of people. They'll follow the path of least resistance and eat up whatever they can for as little cost to them as possible.
It is only as individuals that we can make informed decisions that raise the standard of living for humanity as a whole.
I respectfully disagree that we should allow sweatshops to be inhumane just because "it's better than nothing."




We need to treat each other better.





The fact that you think the costs would have to rise just go to show how diluted we've become. They could very well make work conditions better without raising prices, *but* they would have to take loses in income. Why these companies need to be raking in billions a year is a mystery to me. 




That might actually be the best thing. If people start realizing how much things actually cost they might actually start getting pissed about how little we make today compared to decades ago.




Markup on shoes is like 400%, probably more for Nike and Puma. The cost wouldn't have to go up at all. Even if they did, the people that buy these brands see them as status symbols so the final price doesn't matter.





[deleted]




I wish I could find the link to it, as it was posted here on reddit some time ago, but there was an article that started an iPhone would cost $4 more to make if it was made in the US. These companies would still be profitable if they took care of their employees better, but not BILLIONS MORE profitable.

Edit: $30-40 more to make, so naturally they'd raise the price $100. Source: https://www.google.com/amp/amp.timeinc.net/fortune/2016/06/09/all-american-iphone-100-more/%3fsource=dam




I don't want to buy anything that has been made under conditions I or anyone I care about wouldn't want to work in. 




I'm willing to pay more. 




This is not true. A great amount of the cost goes to marketing, shipping, and corporate salaries. Cloth and thread are cheap.




Care to elaborate?




Pay a group of independents to be permanently on site at all times, this will cost very little and protect conditions, the truth is they don't want to stop, and until they are not allowed to import items made in such conditions will not change, so stop buying these products because doing so you are directly responsible for human misery. 




Not the best source since I haven't done extension research, but here - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trans-Pacific_Partnership#Labour_standards. It looks like countries would have to follow certain labor rights conditions to get the benefits of TPP, but they might not be strongly enforced. 




No, just the ones that primarily produce products for companies selling large amounts of product in the US.  That is not "every single factory in the world."  Despite what we imagine, the US economy isn't the entire world.




Cost for training high?  What do you think these people are getting paid?  

As for the time it takes -- uh, no.  It's assembly-line factory work.  Each person likely has a very specific task that they do repeatedly a hundred times a day.  The time it takes to train them is probably less than an hour.  For more complex tasks, the people coming in to work probably already have the pre-existing skills or they wouldn't be assigned there.




Well, I think article might be too strong of a word... opinion piece maybe? 




Are you implying that a cobbler is hard to find? They're literally everywhere. 




>By the way, where is this time machine you use to travel back and visit a cobbler? And if you could recommend a nearby hatter, that would be a timesaver

There are folks that repair shoes **everywhere**, especially in cities. There are 2 businesses that specialize in repairing boots and shoes at my location and I live in the middle of nowhere. If folks weren't so immersed in a disposable culture and more aware of their surroundings they may be more aware of this. 




You seem strangely invested in defending labor exploitation. 

Perhaps you could provide sources of your own to justify your defense of the costs of these goods? 

Edit: adding this to each of your comments since you see the need to saturate the entire post by suggesting that sweat shop laborers should be grateful and that a $1000 percent markup is necessary for marketing.   




MAYBE was the keyword I think




Thats including that information.

The cost per shoe is down to $15-20 without shipping, international taxes

Im not the op above btw 




Nike just filches people. Back in the early 90s I could grab a pair of chucks for ~15 bucks then Nike bought converse and now a brand new pair of chucks cost over $50. You don't need to market those shoes everyone knows what they are and the design/materials are almost unchanged for decades, so no r and d costs. The only design change was to the bottom sole being slightly fuzzy to be classified as a slipper instead of a tennis shoe to avoid an import tax, not to decrease cost to cosumers but to increase profit margins.




I'll be okay with the prices if the marketing team has to endure conditions like this too.




You seem strangely invested in defending labor exploitation. 

Perhaps you could provide sources of your own to justify your defense of the costs of these goods? 




I was talking about new ones and the prices given online dude. 




Yeah, 'cheaper' goods.  Mm-hmm, that's what we have alright.

Build quality is definitely cheaper.
Cost?  Not so much, when factoring in inflation.  In fact, a lot of consumer goods have actually risen in price.




I would have thought a moral republican like yourself would believe in a life beyond cheap consumer bullshit




I rather pay a small bit more for goods than rely on destitute foreign labor. Especially considering how local business is far better for the economy than foreign business regardless of the cost savings.




They have actually improved conditions there now, and I think they've taken down the nets.




Yeah, I know the story. I was bullshit. But of course that part wasn't widely reported. Also, please tell me where there are children working at Foxconn. Or are you just assuming it, because you stereotype of "yellow people" is just that?




There are no "child slaves" there. And the suicide rate in those "iphone factories" is below the Chinese national average, not above.

It was one big bullshit story nobody cared to actually investigate, because Apple bashing is more profitable for newspapers.

I have lived in the 3rd world myself for many years, several years of that time in China. There are many things to criticize, but using lies for cheap clicks is not a good way to do it.





> They're all over

No, they are not.




No, it doesn't. You are wrongly remembering the Foxconn case. But that was even back then just an invented media hype. Suicide rates among the one million Foxconn employees is way below China's national suicide rate. And there are definitely no children working in electronics factories in Guangdong. That's typical Western racism. "Oh, China! Lets yell childwork with no foundation because they are all yellow anyway so its surely true". Fuck that. 

You want to see children working? Go to Guizhou's or Sichuan's countryside and look at local factories producing bricks and shit like that. 

Maybe in remote costal places you can find it still in the clothing industry, but even there its unlikely nowadays. With the one-child-policy, parents have become very protectlive of the one or two children they can have, none of them will be "wasted" by sending them to work instead of school.

But I know that you don't care about all that. You want you prejudice confirmed and want to be able to feel superior. You don;'t give a fuck about what actually happens in developing countries.

Look in Bangladesh or India for child workers, because there are plenty. They don't have a limit on the number of children poor people can have, so children are "plenty and cheap". And that's because people like you argue against that policy. Casing so much missery and pain. But you will never see the consequences of your actions, because you only stay in nice hotels and take guided tours when you visit a 3rd world country for a week. 

Fuck how many people like you have I had to meet in the decades I lived in poor countries. And it makes me sick every time.

Rant over.




I know, right? Don't think there is such a thing. Best thing would be to just buy used.




But what is "ethical" in this case?  A lot of times, these are the best jobs in that area and are bringing up the quality of life there, even if the jobs aren't as good as we have here.  Is that really "unethical"?  I mean, in a lot of cases, these people's other options would be labor of some sort, or worse.




Also, thrifting




There are some New Balances made in the US, but I haven't seen any for years in my town, as they also produce their shoes in developing countries. I've tried to be ethical about buying my shoes, but I've been searching for a while with no luck. Managed to find jeans, shirts and other garments that are made in the US, though.

If anyone has advice on where to find American made shoes please tell!




Its insane how ridiculously expensive jeans get when they're made in a developed country. Who buys jeans for $150. Its crazy. 




You already posted this




Keep an eye out  for a pair used. You can pick up a pair of Allen Edmonds second hand in great condition for about $100 and they'll last for decades. 

Also if you save up a little more, and used shoes is weird to you, you can get their factory seconds at an outlet or at shoebank (which in my experience are almost indistinguishable from their regular sale shoes) for about $200.

And like I said, they will last a long ass time if you take care of them. Unlike the glued-together shoes you get for $80 that start cracking apart in a few years, or have the sole fall off on your way through airport security on the 5th time you wore them... (fuck you nuun brush). Over time, if you can swing the price, they'll actually be cheaper. And when you finally do wear through the soles you can send them back to the factory and they rebuild the whole damn shoe for about $100.




You have to also consider the superior longevity of better products. Cheap boots my be 1/4 the price of expensive boots but expensive boots will last so long you can wear the sole down flat and get a new sole put on. Cheap foreign shoes and boots will bust apart long before the bottoms wear out.




because he's an american and can more precisely identify with and speak as one. 

is being patriotic even a thing in other countries?  here we have millions of fake patriots, many of them also being fake christians.   

what do the people in the countries where these factories operate feel?  is the company a benefit?  probably, despite the archaic working conditions.  they probably wouldn't describe the operation as archaic either, relative to previous working conditions. 




I think they pay above minimum wage, but within the dollar..... They also provide a list of public services to help you meet your needs since off their salary it's virtually impossible to afford the healthcare they provide. They have been known to roll hours over so they never pay people overtime, which is super illegal. Many class action lawsuits over that.




They pay their full-time employees more than minimum-wage, but part-timers I'm pretty sure weren't a part of that change. And part-time employees are most of the ones you'll actually see you in the store when you go to shop there. 




Still far from it, if anything they now have more competition




Or Nike could... idk.., bite the bullet and increase quality of life a little 




Im realistic and I definitely  agree with you. It's going to take the consumers to make a drastic change and I don't see that happening. These are also the best jobs out there and they put them in deplorable conditions. My disgust lies with the people around me and them knowing full well what's happening and having the audacity to say they don't care. These companies need to be held accountable for this stuff though and then maybe these people could have a decent life ya know?  The consumers have the power.




They were surviving before foreigners came to exploit them, they will survive after they leave.




^ it's this one. 




Companies are obviously going to up their prices to make up for the losses to avoid share value dropping - companies are greedy its nothing new.




Every company would have to do that in that space.  Including ones from places where they have no pressure to increase standards.

Nike also has flat sales and is middle of a massive layoff for corporate employees.  Add in new expenses, new competitors would step in hurt them even more.  Look at a company like amazon, making unbranded clothes - they will just step in and take over.  Everyone right nlw is trying to protect there position.






Because people don't lend them money for zero returns. 




Even if it does cost more, it won't quadruple prices.  A few years ago there was a campaign to raise the price of tomatoes one penny per pound.  Seems tiny right?  What can that really do?  It turns out that if that penny a pound went straight to the migrant pickers it would double their wage.  A lot of us have no real grasp of just how little the people suffering to bring us our goodies really makes.  And how little the prices could be raised to significantly improve their lives, even without taking the huge profits out of the greedy fuckers hands.  




People know but companies don't care because people want the stuff.




They wouldn't have to go up but unless you really don't understand the greed of companies - they almost certainly will go up. If their profits decrease so too does share value so they make up for it by increasing price so to avoid the drop in value or come up with some nonsense like having to let some jobs go to streamline their business - what ever excuse they can come up with. In short they would maintain 400% one way or another. 




It already is slavery, but people in the west don't care until it effects them - conditions in factories have always been like that developing  countries. People enjoy the cheap prices so its largely continued that way. Lets be honest people fainting in factories is not going to surprise any one in the west - its not news to most people about their work conditions. If people really cared they would already be boycotting a massive portion of businesses.




You seem to not understand basic corporation lies. They might save $4 but they will still jack the price up more than that just because any excuse to do so they will.




Thats good but trying to get the whole western world to feel the same way won't be easy.




Any excuse to mark the price they will do it. The profit margins are already massive.




[neoliberals love sweatshops](https://www.reddit.com/r/neoliberal/comments/67ype9/when_they_ask_you_are_sweatshops_exploitation/)




[deleted]




I guess I was mistaken.  It's hard to wrap my mind around the scale. 




Opinion piece or different perspective would probably be a better word




Didn't say they should be grateful at all

But I love when people think something is overpriced without any analysis




ANd how are you getting these numbers?  You didnt include that information.  You have employee wages, real estate costs, lawyer fees, consultant fees, accountant fees, R&D and then a whole lot more

Break it down a little bit further




Since when don't they need to market???  Are you running the show there or something?

Major companies always have to put a lot of money into marketing for each brand, whether it's a super bowl commercial, an online banner ad, or a cardboard sign at target 




I doubt there marketing team gets much rest at all




Didn't say that and again you already said that




Well then wait til the new ones start to get out of style, then they go on sale




thank the fed for that




If other people agreed with you then these factories wouldn't exist, but that is not what people want




Tian Yu was 17 years old. And was paralyzed from the waist down. 17 is, at least here and a solid chunk of Europe, still a child. Like "can't  even buy cigarettes or sign contracts" child.

Half of those who died were still in their teens, and while not children from a legal standpoint, were the age of the average college freshman. That is to say, pretty much a child.

Finally: how the hell do you bring race into this? A critique of the terrible conditions of a company isn't an insult against a race of people. I don't take it personally when people talk about the shitty things American companies do (and trust me, a lot of them do really shitty things)




Many countries don't have the kind of law enforcement to stop child labor. It's insanely easy to enforce laws in comparison. My dad is from a "3rd world" country, India, and I've visited. It's not some underground conspiracy or anything. Many poor families have kids that work instead of go to school. But middle class families don't really do that.




Don't bring facts to an emotional argument you fool




[deleted]




Go to Nordstrom, Macy's, higher end stores and you'll find American made shoes.  Yes, they will cost more, but some will be worth every damn penny too.  There are a lot of dress shoes and boots made here, athletic shoes are much more mass produced and harder to be made here.




I buy ~$100 jeans here and there as my "nice" jeans, the quality is really worth the extra money.  I have some US-made ones, and have also had some really great Chinese made expensive jeans that were top notch.

For work, $17 Mexican-made Sam's Club jeans work just fine haha.




No way they last for "Decades" if your actively walking around everyday. Winter, summer, humidity, puddles, oil, scuff marks, sole wear... no way. Let's say they last 5 years, 2 pairs at 80 dollars for 4 years is still less than the 200 for one that "lasts" 5 years, which means they will probably be looking pretty shabby towards the end anyway. 




I have US made Danners, and they are great, I've worn them daily for two years now and they are more comfortable than ever. 




Many of my wife's cousins worked in sweat shops in Vietnam. There were no complaints, that was just life. To compare, it's the equivalent of a teen working for min wage here in the states, bad pay and treated like shit for doing hard labor, but worse. 

When one cousin lost her job due to slow down in production, she struggled find work for a few months. 




What the fuck are you on?




How many class actions suits could there be for this?




Yes they were.

https://www.google.com/amp/www.chicagotribune.com/business/ct-walmart-pay-raises-schedule-changes-0223-biz-20160222-story,amp.html




Well it isnt the most demanding job out there




You seem strangely invested in defending labor exploitation. 

Perhaps you could provide sources of your own to justify your defense of the costs of these goods? 




Then they can choose to go back to what they were doing before the factory got there, but that was usually subsistence farming. These factory jobs generally offer very good wages, compared to the local economy, and working 6 days a week is pretty good compared to farming 7 days a week. 

I saw an article the other day where people were calling Beyonce a slave owner because her clothing was made in a south asian factory. But her factory was paying twice the minimum wage. Americans need to stop trying to measure everything by our yardstick and ask if these make life better locally, not if they make life good as compared to us.




And that's the problem. The greediness and outsourcing and worse product quality is something that should be but won't be addressed. These big companies could have top of the line quality and great paying in country factories while still making shit loads of money, but have decided shitloads wasn't enough. 




Or you know may be instead of buying a new yatch every year the top management can do it every 2 years?  






Yeah, we've gone to far down the rabbit hole to be able to make it back.




I understand them perfectly well. That doesn't mean I believe we as a society should be complacent and accepting of it.




Perhaps if everyone took responsibility for their own behaviour we would be most of the way there, I can't expect society to be a kind happy place unless I create that situation in my space, it seems to be very self defeating not to behave in a way that you would like everyone else to, tiny planet we are all neighbours really. 




I shall try and get hold of a copy, thanks. 




Go to Walmart and take a look at how much they stock in textiles.  Go to Amazon.  Look at their stock.

Almost everything from shirts to sheets are made in these textile plants.  The scale is unreal.




Its a google search away

I used

>HITTING THE WALL: NIKE AND INTERNATIONAL LABOR PRACTICES
harvard publications

Or any of the other articles on the front page 




The cost per shoe is actually:

- Nike Air models: $12.70 - $22.35
- Any Asics: $33.12 up to $120.55
- Adidas spetzial samba or Hamburg: $14.33
- other adidas: $14.32
- other Nike: $0
- new balance: $14

[source](https://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/6jdtqp/comment/djdq53q?st=1Z141Z3&sh=ee6d1ed9)




I guarantee the marketing budget for Chuck Taylor All Stars is fuck all to the Jordan line. A shoe that has gone virtually unchanged for almost 100 years cost half as much shoe that includes leather, fancy sole cushining, anti ankle roll tech compared to a couple piece of canvas, fuzzy rubber, laces, and some aluminum rivets




You seem strangely invested in defending labor exploitation. 

Perhaps you could provide sources of your own to justify your defense of the costs of these goods? 




Hell, 17 isn't even the age of the average college freshman. Someone who is 17 would still be in their senior year of high school.




17 years old isn't consider "child labor" in any 1st world country.  Using the term for a 17 year old is rather misleading, especially when she's the only one under 18 to commit suicide.  **If your argument can't rely on facts, then it's a shitty argument.**

Edit: Nevermind the fact that the entire thing was overblown and the suicide rate at the factories was lower than the rest of China...




But China does. I lived two decades in 3rd world countries all over the world, some years in China. China and India are very different by now, especially when it comes to looking after children.




Sadly, that's what this is.  A bunch of people saying bullshit that is mostly based on lies getting upvoted and a few people saying facts, sometimes with sources, and getting downvoted *because the facts don't match the narrative they want to say*.




What are you talking about? Making up shit and then starting to insult people who call you out on your shit. 




Wtf are you walking through oil in dress shoes for?




The Danners we got in boot camp were comfy but the bottoms fell apart faster than the shitty branded American Eagle ones.




Do not confuse lack of other options with contentment.




why are you so oblivious? 




Huh, TIL. I was under the impression that the hourly workers made significantly less.

Doesn't really change my opinion of them as a company though. 




Well do you want to type on that device you are sending this message, drive the car you are driving, or where the clothes you are wearing?




You are sort of assuming that this foreign minimum wage is actually fair in the first place. If the US set the minimum wage to $4 an hour I doubt people will be cheering about making double minimum wage.




Why would they address it until they lose profits?





If only there was a system where people could choose what to buy and not support companies that they didn't agree with...




How would they cope with a bi-annual purchase thats just madness!




Of course, but they are so not much can be done about that lol. We still have people getting a hard on for the next iphone camping outside the shop. It ain't going to change any time soon sadly.




Yeah but the vast majority of society don't care about what happens across the other side of the world. If we all did we would of solved world hunger a long time ago. We sure as heck ain't short on food to feed everyone. Its just money governs everything.




I'm picturing like a pizza restaurant where it takes two weeks for someone to learn to, flatten dough top pizza, cut pizza other side dishes, take orders. If all they ever had to do was smack the dough ten thousand times a day I could see a greedy capitalist not caring if they died. 




So you dont know the actual numbers?




Nice one.




How is that the actual cost?




Ok, so yes there are still marketing costs




Didn't say that and you already posted this




But they'd also be legal to work in every 1st world country.




They're calling you out on your own shit.

Get off your bum and go do some Googling.  People are downvoting you because factory deaths and suicides are common knowledge, there's TONS of information on it.




Literally, every surface outside has oils on it. Especially any roads, parking areas, or generally anywhere an automobile would drive on. So any puddle or after a small amount of rain you could step in is filled with oils. Our MSF Course actually stated the worst time you could ever ride your motorcycle is the first 10 minutes after rain as all the water is soaking up the oils on/in the ground.




If all you know is in front of you, how do you know anything else?




What is a solution instead of a complaint then?

These folks need money and will do the labor for cheap. To compare, why pay an America an outrageous salary for reduced production?  In the US there are labor laws, in these shops you work non stop from start til end of shift. 

Sure you can boycott these businesses, but the low income families cant and wont. They aren't paid well enough to join you in your crusade because they are struggling to survive in the land of the free. 




Dude, you're literally too stupid to insult




Maybe we want these products but without the fucking system of slavery attached to it. Maybe we'd buy a lot less devices and upgrade them rarely in a new system.

Maybe the upgrade your phone every year system is part of the problem, and maybe you are a cowardly uncle Tom for defending an inherintly evil system for no personal gain.




All made within the US. Just because you can't be bothered to spend an extra $2 for a superior product that lasts longer doesn't me we are all so short sided.




I made no claims about the labor. You did. I'm asking you to provide sources since you claim everyone else is wrong. 




Yes, it would be nice if it were not for near monopolies, price fixing, and nearly identical business practices.  There is far less choice than you seem to think there is.




Yeah, unfortunately I agree with you. We live in a sad world run by greed.




Very self defeating, we live on a tiny planet, so not caring just because something is not directly in front of you is only going to cost you a hell of a lot in the future, logic should be taught in schools from the outset. 




I work in a factory in the US. The majority of jobs can be learned in 2 ~3 hours. The harder jobs are for people who have been there long enough. Seriously, today we have a new hire and for one job his training was 15 minutes. 5 minutes of training, 10 minutes of making sure he's doing it ok, and he was by himself. 




I do, there are charts on each article.

Really google it. 

Breaks it down 




Google it you moron.




Sure there is, but it's not like they are paying an athelete a billion dollars to lace a pair chucks.




Absolutely, but they're still kids in the eyes of many. Hell, I'd still be a kid to many people and I'm 19. Employees people who are underage is highly regulated. When I was working at Best Buy when I was 17, I was not allowed to use the garbage compactor. I wasn't allowed to carry things over a certain size. I was highly restricted for things I was allowed to do, let alone these other underage kids that are practically slaves.




People are down voting it because like usual on Reddit most people have no idea about the reality of the situation and just eat up the gutter reporting and sensationised news, 




> Get off your bum and go do some Googling.

I lived many years in China and SEA. I have been to these place that you google for. And I know what news OP is referring to (and mixing up). And half of it was wrong when it was reported.




[Tons of information on it.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Foxconn_suicides)

From that article (emphasis mine):

> ABC News[6] and The Economist[7] both reported that **the suicide rate of Foxconn employees was actually lower than the country's overall suicide rate.**

It seems that in "calling him out on his own shit", that you're refusing to listen to what he's saying and doing some easy research into it.  




Ah! That small amount of oil shouldn't be much more a concern than a regular puddle (you are right though! Most car accidents in rainy conditions are right after it starts). I was picturing walking through a service center or airplane hangar.

I'd of course recommend Dainite rubber soles over leather bottom soles (leather bottom soles "soak up" the water, and wear out faster. ). If you're regularly in rain deeper than the depth of the sole (1/4"ish), a pair of galoshes or rain boots may honestly be a good idea (sorry Londoners and Seattlers).

As far as longevity goes, a good rule of thumb is that a Goodyearwelted shoe can be resoled 5-10x before the upper wears out. 

If you're rotating out with a second pair of shoes (that lets all your foot sweat dry out before you wear them again. Constantly damp shoes rots the leather on any dress shoe or boot), you should get at least 2 years of wear on them before you need to resole them, if not 4 (for dainite, leather soles wear faster), depending on how much you walk. 

That's 10-40 years per pair of shoes for two pairs, meaning you'd need to buy a new pair every 5-20 years, with 10 years being a good average, and with 5 years being less likely (would mean you're wearing through the soles fast *and* the upper falls apart faster than normal).

With regards to the condition of the uppers getting ugly, as long as you keep good polish on them, brush them regularly, and condition them a few times a year, you should be fine. When you send them to Allen Edmonds for new soles they can *also* strip the polish, clean, condition, and to an extent refinish the uppers for you. In many cases it's like getting brand new shoes back. 

Good shoes/good boots are one of the more durable pieces of clothing you can own, despite being the most worn.




the cave allegory




A lot of people seem to think how we live in the west is the historical norm or something.

They can't see outside that box. They can only pity people not in it. Everything is a fucking crusade with them.




Dude, you're literally too stupid to insult me. 




You are upgrading your phone every year???  How much are you on the phone?

You can choose not to buy the products, either way these companies will have facilities all over the world for a variety of reasons




They were definitely not all made I. The US and all have parts that come from other countries 




What did I say about labor?  A lot is involved




Nike is a near monopoly? And price fixes shoes? Lol you can't be serious???




Doesn't need to be taught - people already know and are well informed of whats going on. They still won't care though thats just human species for you. Only when it effects them will they then react. Heck terrorist attacks happen in many places but its only headline news when it hits a western country and only then do people start talking about it more.




I have little factory experience I assumed you needed be well versed in all sorts of machines maybe even a degree holder. Who knew? 




I'm cool, even the charts can't figure out everything




Don't think that is available on google




Nobody would want to




> When I was working at Best Buy when I was 17, I was not allowed to use the garbage compactor.

And this is great in the US, where you likely don't really need the money anyway.  Elsewhere, restricting a 17 year old from a good job just means that this person is unable to contribute to caring for herself and her family.

Foxconn's Chinese factories aren't child slavery, and saying that they are is just plain false. 

BTW, **in the US at 17, you can join the military!**  So tell me again how it's bad that a 17 year old can work a real job in China?




>They can't see outside that box. 

the fuck? You know nothing about American labor history if you think that.

People have died in protests and strikes to get the kinds of labor regulations that we have today.




That the prices are reasonable reflecting the marketing involved. 

Which I am genuinely curious about. I'm also daydrinking and being an asshole. 




Either that is sarcasm or you are dense.




That is the point, it the reaction to information that does effect you, as we live on a tiny planet, nothing happens that doesn't effect all of us. 




if you consider high school  completion a degree, then yes, it needs a degree. 

Factory work, at least old school factory work is very low skill and very boring. I had a job where one person selects a peg board, one person matches items to the board. One verifies the items are correct, and another removes them and places them into a box. 

High paying, because a single worker makes a lot of profit for the company, and people who can be bored out of their minds and still be accurate are much rarer than one imagines.




I already told you the total cost for nike to produce and ship at $30/pair (actually 28.5) but if you really care and want to change your views you would look into it yourself

I'm moving on, have a good one




>not available on google
Well what the fuck is the point of living then 




You can join the military with parental permission, and they won't put you into an active combat zone. Not quite what you were imagining, was it? No human being deserves to be treated as they do in those factories in China. You advocating that it's their choice says a lot about you. They are child slavery. Children who work are discouraged from going to the hospital or they'll be fired for not being able to come to work. For a country that is relatively wealthy, that is slavery. Get off your high horse with the damn technicality.




And they keep that shit very on the down low, when teaching history to the children.




Yeah but most people regard anything over 20 years to be ancient history for some reason, public perception can be weird




Try actually learning what a monopoly and price fixing is dude




These days no matter how outrageous something is - people don't care by the next sunrise. I bet the current president could murder some one in brad daylight and people would still be only outraged for one day then forget about it.




I don't consider high school diploma a degree. I thought most factory workers that are well paid now had to have some sort of education or be replaced by machines. 




Since when is that all that goes into a price for consumers?




No, it's not slavery. It's some of the better jobs in that area of the world, and that's not a shitty area of the world. If your point relies on false statements then maybe you should reevaluate your point. 17 years old is not a child in much of the world and the concept that it's wrong for them to be in factory work may be a bit unreasonable. 

As for the ad hominems, I find claiming someone else is on a high horse while claiming the moral high ground to be rather ironic. But maybe you should stop arguing with emotion and look at the facts? 

As for the military, yes, I know those facts, that doesn't change my point, it is a full time job, *where your life is controlled all day for much of the first year.*    




Exactly it's history. Nobody here gets to act like they fought for shit for the most part.

It's their country, and it's their fight if they want it. You don't get to shame people over it.

Hop off the political high horse for a second.




it doesn't help we are approaching a post-literate era (hopefully we aren't there already :/ )




[deleted]




Okay, so the top 3 shoe companies make up about 90% of the total market.  They all have comparable lines of products at comparable prices.  In addition to that they have very similar business practices.

So, you are right I have absolutely no clue.  Thanks for proving out the dense portion.  I really hate being wrong.




Its remarkably lazy to choose not to think, and it doesn't take much thought to work out that other people being abused will always end up effecting you in the long run. 

I suspect that many of his policies will cost innocent lives, does it matter that he didn't actually pull a trigger or push a button, he is still the cause,  people choose not to think until its themselves directly effected, and wonder why no one wants to see or hear their pain. 




Depends on the industry. Eventually every factory job will be automated, but many industries are already really automated with servos and other dead reckoning automation, so it isn't cost effective to upgrade yet.




It turns me on seeing you defend exploitation supported by Western corporations and Western consumers baby




Dude you are so stupid that it's embarrassing. 




Just because it is some of the better jobs in the world doesn't make it ok. If you're willing to point out fallacies, that in itself is the "not as bad as" fallacy. 17 years old is most definitely a child. Maybe not physically, but mentally absolutely. 17 year olds can't make rational decisions. Hell, I can't even say I'm an adult yet.

I'm not against them working. Having 17 year olds working is fine. Having them work in the abysmal conditions they work in is not.

When you join the military, you sacrifice a lot. It is not the same as a civilian job and should not be compared to one. 




Whatever you want, there are prob hundreds of brands in the usa, and you have access to Europe, Asia, Jesus prob the worst market they could pick to cry monopoly over




Lol, no, Nike makes up ~30 of the **athletic** shoe market in **the usa**, that is not even close to being a monopoly, and they are somehow fixing prices on shoes??? Lol, seriously you need to to learn what you are trying to talk about




Its never mattered to society since capitalism has existed as long as people get a slice of the pie whilst its still fresh. Hell USA and other countries has homeless people as the most developed nation in the world - but people don't care that much to deal with it head on it doesn't effect them yet. 

People still buy cars whilst complaining about not enough done to deal with climate change - they could easily use the bus - show more desire for electric cars, buy from cleaner energy companies - but its if cheaper to buy from oil they will by hypocrites. I like taking the bus personally.




I love the western society




And what is your level of education?




Just because you don't think it's OK based on the complete lack of information that you have doesn't make it wrong.  Maybe you shouldn't be the arbiter of what's OK if you don't think you're mature enough to do so, as you just said, especially if you're going to say that it's alright if it's for something you support (the US Military), but not for something you don't (making a living working in a factory in China).  

[BTW, this is what you're arguing against.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jk-xqPKOxl4)  Yes, it's longer hours than is common in the US, but that's what happens when a place isn't in the 1st world (and a lot of people are working 60 hours a week here anyway).  

I guess signing up for a job that involves better pay than your peers, moving away from home, and living in barracks style living is only acceptable when you support that job, right?

BTW, notice the numbers of people lining up to apply.  But it's just slavery right?  They have to be forced to do it or they'll run away, right? 




You don't understand how this works do you?  Each of the three top players own pretty much all of the top 10 or so "brand names".  Nike Converse Jordan = one company.  Adidas Rebok etc... that is one company.  The top two shoe manufacturers globally are Adidas and Nike.  Yes, globally.  Just because a company is a *insert country name here* company doesn't mean they don't sell shoes other places.




Its just nonsense to pretend that other's suffering is not effecting oneself, we all live in society pretending parts of it does not exist is just strange behaviour.  

We don't have public transport where we live, too remote (but we all lift share, and a lot of shank's pony and peddle power helps), hopefully it will improve and we will get some buses.  




I know, it's a consumer paradise




 It could be Cambodian day care and I'd still have better opinions and more common sense then you. I'm not here to debate some mongoloid who can't come up with a decent argument. I just want you to know where your place is.




Yeah guy subsidiaries are included under the parent company when market share is calculated, and if you are talking globally they have even less of the market, this is frankly embarrasing.




I think people know it effects them - but until they feel it properly they won't care. Its like people want cleaner solutions but simultaneously reject nuclear to be built near them or wind farms because they are an eye sore etc.




So you don't have a higher level of education?




Done arguing with stupid.  

http://markets.on.nytimes.com/nytimes/research/markets/usmarkets/industry.asp?industry=53223&sector=53

Go use your brain.




It's why we should always invest in education,  I don't think people realise it's lots of little steps that get you up the mountain, all you have to do is keep doing them and you will always get there. Too many people just sit down and rot in their own juices and wonder why they never have a decent view. 




for a lawyer you should feel ashamed for this pre-school level of debate. like you're just trolling. boring week leads to a boring weekend i suppose.




Lol, do you even know what you are linking? or do you just think people won't check? 

Because that doesn't prove any of your ridiculous claims and is simply a market snapshot of footwear in the usa, really dude I hope for your sake you are pulling my leg.




I disagree. People know, education won't change shit when people already know this stuff - people are fully informed they just cant be arsed.




I didn't say what I was, just asking a question




I'm pretty sure education does make a huge difference, most people don't access much education, and certainly don't use applied thinking, get overwhelmed by complexities and don't understand how to conceived solutions and implement them, so just reject the idea they can be involved. 




Are you referring to western education? Because i can bet everyone in the west already is fully informed of whats going on over seas in factories for the clothes they wear and products they use. Education won't do much when people already know.




Its down to a lack of understanding of how that does directly effect each and everyone of us,  the culture of 'so that happens, so what, whats that to do with me?"  A person who has learnt to use logic, can very quickly work out how it does indeed effect your life directly.  




Title: 
Nike ends endorsement contract with Manny Pacquiao over anti-gay remarks

Comments: 
[Man Who Punches People For Living Somehow Not Paragon Of Progressive Values](http://www.starwipe.com/article/man-who-punches-people-living-somehow-not-paragon--2054)

Edit: Apparently this wasn't the onion link I thought it was. 




"Child labor is still cool though." -Nike




> "Have you seen any animal having male-to-male or female-to-female relations?" 

Yes. Tons of animals do. 

Should we tell him about swans? 




They only dropped him because he's at the end of his career.  Had this been 4-5 years ago, there would be an apology tour and business would've continued as normal.




[deleted]




So he's pro Manny/Womanny relationships.




If there's ever a Pacquiao vs Mayweather rematch I think most people will be rooting for the stadium to collapse

Edit: wow highest rated comment. But for people taking this the wrong way, it was a joke...I obviously wouldn't wish the stadium to collapse because I don't even wish for there to be a rematch in the first place.




> "We find Manny Pacquiao's comments abhorrent," the company said in a statement. "Nike strongly opposes discrimination of any kind and has a long history of supporting and standing up for the rights of the LGBT community."

If Nike really cared that much about LGBT rights then they'd stop sponsoring the Saudi Arabian national football team. If there's anything that's abhorrent, then it is that country's track record and treatment of gays. 

I completely disagree with what Pacquiao said, but it's hilarious that a company that makes all its money through sweatshop labor is taking a moral high ground. 




Didn't he come out as anti gay like 3 yrs ago?




> *"Have you seen any animal having male-to-male or female-to-female relations?"*
 
I mean, do they not have *dogs* in the Philippines?




And here Manny is denouncing "male on male interactions", when he made his fortune in male to male interactions




Nike, the total upstanding and moral company, never once abusing third world child labor. Nope. Glad they're taking a stance on the tough issues. 




Saw a dude goat bang another dude goat at an auction once. 

They both seemed to like it. 




I like how he facetiously asks if you can any animals that are gay in the wild. Uh, yes you can. So much hate can come from being ~~uneducation~~ inerudite. 




Good for Nike, next on the list underpaid child workers




Nike's athletes have said and done much worse.




I grew up on a farm. We had beef castle. 

The bull was separated from the females from fall through the Winter. 

During that time the females would still go into heat. To alleviate the stress it was very common to see mounting of smaller females by larger cows in an intercourse display. If there were steers in with the cows sometimes they'd even try and fuck their own mothers.

It's warped but that's farm life. 

Not once did I see cows ostracized or called fags for this behavior which apparently makes them degenerate liberals. 

Tldr: animals are gay too. And incestuous. 




To answer his question about animals. They fuck anything.




Cheating on your wife with a piece of ass at every golf tour stop is ok though. - Nike




Lol this is ironic, doesn't Nike hire child laborers and pay their factory workers abysmal salaries in Indonesia? They find every loophole they can find to exploit and extort their employees, to the point where the factory workers live in mud huts with rats running around everywhere surrounded by sewage waste right outside the "houses" and then talk bout equality. 




[deleted]




Free speech. People have the right to say what they want, private companies have the right to hate them for it. 




This is hilarious since Adidas posted a pro-gay ad on Instagram and half the comments were people saying shit like "ew, I guess I'll buy Nike from now on..." Hahahaha. Fuck people need to get with the times. 




Manny Pacquiao has now passed Jeb Bush in the Republican Candidate race 




Christians don't like gays, yet people continue to think it's news worthy. 




Although I feel like I'm pretty progressive and am absolutely pro gay rights/marriage, I don't really think it's right to vilify people just for having different opinions than you. I don't like the whole idea of this mainstream media hivemind thing trying to dictate what opinions everyone should have because I can see it being easily abused.

 Everyone has flaws and somewhat questionable opinions and beliefs, yes it's probably better to keep these thoughts to yourself, but to jump straight to hating someone over this is ridiculous. Reddit sure does love hating someone and something popular the second it makes a fuck up. 

Some good comments below, thanks for sharing. I guess I was trying to be a bit of a devil's advocate here and I understand there are some flaws to my argument. And to be clear, I don't agree with what he said nor do I think it was smart. Thanks for reading. 




I wish they had ended his contract due to his adultery, then quoted the same Bible verse Pacquiao did. 




I'd like to remind everyone that if this were 100 years ago, Nike would be ending their endorsement over pro-gay remarks. Businesses do what's gonna end up getting them the most market share, and if that means pulling PR stunts based off of the popular trends of the day, then that's what they'll do if it means they'll look good enough for you to give them your money. Manny Pacquiao isn't getting fired because Nike finds his views reprehensible. He's getting fired because he potentially means a loss to profit.






After the match.  Floyd went to club and spent $2million in one night.  Manny went to a shelter to feed the homeless.  I'm sure he didn't go around asking their views.  He just spent time with people who society neglects when he could've been out celebrating the $100mill he just made.  

Edit:  The project, dubbed Pacman Village, with a total cost of P28.5 million was funded out of Pacquiao’s personal funds. Ricardo A. Marcellana, project contractor, told Philboxing.com that a total of 300 housing units will be built in the four-hectare land purchased by Pacquiao a few years back.

http://philboxing.com/news/story-114694.html

Edit: Just about a week before his 37th birthday, world eight-division boxing champion and Sarangani Rep. Manny Pacquiao gave away 150 housing units to homeless residents of Bales village, Maasim town in this province. 







Wait, since when does Nike care about human rights?




Doesn't help that certain Philippine senators agree with Pacqiuao 
[link](http://m.kickerdaily.com/enrile-praises-pacquiao-stand-tells-lgbts-who-want-same-sex-marriage-to-go-to-mars/)

> Enrile praises Pacquiao’s stand, tells LGBTS who want same-sex marriage to “go to Mars”




Umm Nike... you do way worse things then making a anti-gay remark.




It's noble, but merely a PR stunt. Nike just another corporate with shady stuff going on.




Nike: the paragon of moral values. Let me know when they quit exploiting third world countries, rather than pandering to first world problems




[deleted]




Serious question - would they fire any of the children that work for them if they found out they were against gay marriage?




Comedy they pretend to be on a moral high horse while selling slave-labor footwear. No surprise the first shoe they made was called the Cortez I think.




Nike, the company held together by child slave labor.





I'll never understand why people compare humans to animals. We are animals. 




Have you ever seen animals sew shoes together?  Sweat shop children are slightly better than animals.




Who cares what some boxer says? I hate when people expect fighters , people who fight for a living, to have great moral standards 




Isn't Nike pretty much known for human rights violations in their plants?  And now they want a pat on the back for dropping an antigay guy? 




While I understand Nike's business decision to let him go, I believe that in this day and age we need to be more accepting of people's opinions on things like homosexuality, sexual identity and etc. 

Can we all agree the limits of what is considered "OK" changes on a daily, and everyone disagrees with popular opinion on at least one major topic.  

I personally don't believe it is "right" or "meant to be", but I cant deny the facts: some males are attracted to other males. I think the key here is acceptance of others and their opinions. 




How progressive of Nike end their endorsement of Pacquiao after his career is pretty much over, instead of ending their endorsement years ago when he first said something similar about homosexuals. 




so now Nike gets to act all high and mighty....aren't their expensive shoes sewed together by children in sweatshops?




He should have just beat the shit out of his wife, because apparently, nobody gives a fuck about that.




[deleted]




Nike, who's products are made predominately by children, are now the pinnacle of progressive values! 




So let me get this straight. Now that they are collectors items, I'm supposed to keep all my Manny Pacquiao shoes in the closet? All puns intended.




I'm probably going to be a minority here but this is the state of our culture now. Our media is constantly asking controversial questions looking for bad answers. It's how they are paid. 




[deleted]




Guess he put his foot in his mouth and realized the Nike was gone.




In other news, Nike still forces child labor in 3rd world countries and yet pretends to have morals.




Damn I love watching homophobes crash and burn in public. 




And I like Manny,  too.  But religion is a hell of a thing.  Religion tries to teach us right from wrong,  and in turn,  makes us hate one another because we are not all the same. We will never be.  




I hate it when people compare animal behavior and human behavior in an argument. It's not a valid point! We are civilized human beings. You know what else other animals do? Eat their own shit. Rape their females. 




doesnt NIKE use child labor to make there shit shoes? 




> "Have you seen any animal having male-to-male or female-to-female relations?"

Absolutely.

if this is part of the crux of his argument then he is an ignorant fool. 

> and Manny is a convert of enlightened Christianity, which does not believe in same-sex relationships.

So enlightened. 




You can only sell sweatshop shoes if you agree with the current zeitgeist 100%.  




Manny is really trying to get down to Mayweather's level.  He's not there yet, but this was a good first step.




Turns out a religious fanatic is homophobic, who knew?




Manny is from, what i understand to be a relatively uneducated, poor, heavily religious country. He also beats people for a living. What kind of shit do you expect him to say? 




Starting tomorrow,  the blaze will be a major investor.  Suddenly Glenn Beck is very interested. 




"fuck these kids. They can get their assess back to work. But we love the gays." 

-nike




As much of a scumbag as the boxer guy might be, doesn't even begin to compare to the monumental assholes which Nike corporation are. Truly a scumbag company of epic proportions that everyone with half a functioning moral compass should be boycotting. 




Damn, another L for Nike...

Yeezy Black 350s in stores this Friday






This is why businesses should be allowed to be anti-gay.  Then we can all see their bigotry and punish them for it.




The same company that utilizes child labour in sweat shops. What  high standard of morality you have!




Nike being regarded as the righteous and virtuous entity is abhorring. Until they start creating fair and equal labor markets, eliminating underage labor -  then they can spew their righteous vomit.




He should have made pro-child slavery comments.




Here is the list of animals per quick check
[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_animals_displaying_homosexual_behavior]
Does he get hit in the head a lot? 




doesnt NIKE use child labor to make there shit shoes? 




Isn't Pacquiao a senator? Makes much more sense when you think about the rogues gallery of idiots currently occupying the US Senate 




anyone else think humans in general are worse than animals?




>"Have you seen any animal having male-to-male or female-to-female relations?" Pacquiao said on a Filipino television station earlier this week. "If you have male-to-male or female-to-female [relationships], then people are worse than animals."

Do you see animals going around beating the shit out of each other for sport and entertainment?




I'm really glad they're putting their foot down on this one! Nike would never want to support treating people like animals, even if it results in higher profits. What an upstanding organization!




Maybe he can go to Adidas. Oh wait, [maybe not](http://www.themarysue.com/adidas-responds-instagram/).




My dog was never desexed (we got fined because of this), and when there was a hole in the fence he had same sex intercourse with the neighbours dog.

**edit:** [here](http://i.imgur.com/j3pgrSR.jpg) is our family dog, 

and [here](http://i.imgur.com/JCqEqc5.jpg) is what remains of the  hole in the fence (it used to be a few planks long)




"Pacquiao apologized on Twitter within hours."

If you meant it, never apologize. They fire you regardless.




he fights for a living from a 3rd world country. of course he's not going to have the liberal new world opinion that middle class americans have. 




Yet they continue to pay kids like slaves to produce terrible shoes in Asia in order to sell them in the US for 1000% of the price it costs to make them. Talk about morals.




I kinda lose belief on Nike over its sneaker quality, it unglued in less  than 5 month. any brands to recommend?




Child labor is still cool though.-Nike




Kinda of Ironic that Nike are trying to take the high road.




Nike also uses slave lanor do they need to climb down off their high horse. 




justin gatlin is cool though. freedom of expression is not favoured over cheating. nike is a cunts union.




I wouldnt say he's wrong but of course its politically incorrect to say such things nowadays




Ya know for a guy that constantly gets pounded by half naked men he seems awfully homophobic.




He doesn't like gays, so what?




I'm seeing a lot of "he punches people in the head for a living - why would you expect him to be smart?"

It's a good point.  But I'd also ask the people of the Phillipines: "he punches people in the head for a living - why do yo think that makes him qualified to run your country"





I'm more offended by people thinking arguments like that can be trotted about as if they're things people haven't thought of before. 

As if we've gone our whole lives hearing nothing of the sort, and *this* is the one thing that's gonna make the penny drop and blow our minds. 

Or like it's self evident just by stating it. No matter that most of it was crap the first time it was said ten, a hundred or a thousand years ago.

"If man evolved from ape, why do we still have ape? BAM!"

"My understanding is that we actually share a comm--"

"I SAID BAM!"

Edit: 'blow' used to be 'now,' by accident





Manny, you just got knocked the fuck out. 




I believe everyone has the right to have their own opinion. I also believe you have to except what happens when you say your opinion out loud.




I love his quote.

The surest possible way to show what you're all about is to be allowed an opportunity at public speaking. He doesn't know that homosexuality has been readily and frequently documented in the animal kingdom already?

That's the beauty of a megaphone; not only will a person prove their stupidity, but they'll loudly announce it and facilitate avoiding them in future.




"Animals are better because they can distinguish male from female"

"Do you see animals mating with the same sex?"

I don't know, Manny...I'm human so apparently I can't distinguish male from female




It's amazing how remorseful someone becomes when you kick them hard in the wallet.




"God Bless you all and I'm praying for you."  I hate when people say this.  They're not the problem or something you have to pray for.  Pray for yourself and your own closed minded beliefs.




Yeah, fuck that. I'm glad. I hope every brand he goes to does this. Bigotry has no place in this day and age.




[deleted]




Yeah could you imagine two muscley men getting close together, sweating intensely and just tearing into each other?




I'm not religious but doesn't the bible say something about committing adultery? This man is a hypocrite..




Swans can be gay thoo




Just going to leave this here...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kts4T-gkvdY

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uc3HiKQDPCQ




I think that Manny paquiao is a good guy, but anti gay remarks arn't cool. I don't understand why people hat manny though, he was just raised in a different christian anti gay culture.




“It’s common sense. Do you see animals mating with the same sex?”  

well that's not too bad... I don't see what all the fuss is.... 


 “Animals are better because they can distinguish male from female. If men mate with men and women mate with women, they are worse than animals.” 

ok yeah now I see 




Fuck you and your condescending fuckin' apology, sneaking in the little power trip you got there with the "praying for you". Only money can make a Christian apologize.




Just had a look at the Wikipedia entry:

> Religion: Evangelical Protestantism

Why aren't I fucking surprised.




"Maybe if we show our support for gay rights they'll stop bothering us about the child labor." 




Bit harsh, he has apologised. Besides Nike can hardly take the moral high ground on anything with all the sweat shops they've got around the world.




He's a fighter, why do we care what his views on gay marriage are? 




> But to people in the United States, his words can only be viewed as hate speech.

MSM still hasn't figured out we don't like them trying to speak for us?




ITT: a lot of homophobes or other classes of bigots afraid that the world is thankfully changing, and less indulgent of their bigotries than it used to be. 




Lol who the fuck cares if Manny loves gay people or prefers straight people.  You guys need to quit being sensitive pussies.




Just once I want a celebrity to own their anti-gay comments.  "Yes, I know what I said was homophobic.  That shit grosses me out and I don't get it."




Boohoo not ever wants to be gay deal with it.




Eh, I don't like his view but I respect him having an opinion on the matter, at least he owned up like a man and apologized.




Religions still promoting hate, more at 10!




[deleted]




Manny is extremely ignorant, ive noticed every time he talks.




Oh how I love the bipolar nature of reddit.  Pacquiao fights promoting God and family when he has up against Mayweather, who fights for money and fame, and everyone praises Paquiao as a saint. Come to find out that a guy who fights for God and family may not have the most progressive social views about gay marriage, and he is an inbred bigot that should be shunned from society. News flash folks, he is deeply conservative and religious man! I'm all for gay marriage and equality, but what the hell reddit? You had to have seen something like this coming. But this is what reddit has become: a place where all people from all walks of life can come together and share their viewpoints, as long as you're pro choice, pro gay marriage, atheist, environmentalist, and super opinionated about everything. Otherwise, downvote you to non-exsistent he'll you inbred, uneducated, redneck! Alright, I'll get off my soapbox now. Downvote if you must.




I have to be honest.

I watch Manny Pacquiao because I enjoy watching him punch other people.

I don't watch Manny Pacquiao because I care about his personal beliefs on any range of things.

I mean ... I am sure I believe lots of things that are considered bad by other people.

I will still watch him punch other people regardless of if he likes hot man on man action or not. I don't see where his views on it make any difference.

Clearly lots of other people give a crap about his personal opinions ... but I couldn't care less.




Well, Pacquiao is coming from a country with strong beliefs in God and marriage being between a man and a woman. He's stating his beliefs based on his environment. Kinda shitty for everyone to turn against Pacquiao after all the good he does for his people because of a comment he should have stated differently.




Nike, making the world a better place. Giving kids jobs and what not.




"Man Who Punches People For a Living Surprisingly Not Paragon of Progressive Thinking"




This is still a thought process in 2016? Really dude. 




It truly boggled the mind how many people on this thread sincerely believe that actions should have no consequences whatsoever. 




A byproduct of religion but if you call it that lmao le fedora /r/atheism




They say its good to have an your own opinion but once you say something about gays your life is over. Fucking pathetic ass world.




So we are criticizing a politician who is pandering to his supporters.

Big woop, he has more money than he will ever need. Nike wants to be so progressive, they should try paying their sweat shops more and bringing those factories back to the states 




Another reason to continue my boycott of Nike, as if slave labor wasn't enough.  While Nike builds slave camps Manny is building Orphanages. Fuck yourself, Nike. 




The man is entitled to his opinions, however America gets so butt hurt about anything these days. Good for Pacquiao for standing up for what he believes in whether it be right or wrong in everyone else's eyes.




To paraphrase Joe Rogan's [quote on vegans](http://i.imgur.com/Z535yhc.jpg): 

> Homophobes like to say "Have you ever seen animals in male-to-male or female-to-female relationshups?"

> Ohh crazy. You know what else people do? Fly planes. Make movies. Call each other on the phone to tell each other how awesome being gay is. Shut up, homophobes.





Its pathetic that someone can't express their own opinion without someone bitching and crying "foul." People need to quit being so over-sensitive.




[deleted]




Look at Nike pretending to care about ethics.  




Gay people are alright. Not nearly as bad as Filipinos. They are worse then animals...   Doesn't seem like a nice thing to say does it?




Fuck Nike. It's fine exploiting workers in its factories overseas but should one of its spokespeople, a boxer from a developing country, say something that's wrong to Western ears but not all that surprising coming from a boxer from a developing country, well, suddenly Nike has a moral compass. Spare me your fake fucking outrage, Nike. 
(And rather than down vote this post, I am honestly curious if anyone really believes Nike is doing this for any other reason than their bottom line and I'm also curious if anyone was surprised that Pacquiao, a Catholic and a boxer would be bigoted against gays.)




Lost a TON of respect for this moron. 




Thanks for spreading your mind cancer, missionaries.




Yet it's perfectly fine to have child slaves make your products in sweat shops.




Aw yeaaaaa suck it Manny!  
**Love everyone**: that's what the bible teaches! The rest is written human error. (Still love ya Manny)




"Have you ever seen animals in the wild have gay relations?" Uh, yeah.  I've even seen my dog have relations with a pillow.  And don't black widows kill their mates after sex?  Sooo... the world is weird and wonderful. Get used to it.




Sucks to hear somebody like Manny say some ignorant shit like that. Nike is doing the smart thing here. 




People need to stop cramming their religious opinions down other people's throats if your religion is bigoted and hateful keep it in your church or your home, just because he's a celebrity doesn't make it right. 




I don't like it when stuff like this happens.  He is a religious man he has his religious beliefs.  Says what he thinks.  Realised it's not the right thing to say so he apologizes. 

Big corporation that sees a quick exit strategy jumps ship and cuts their money going to him.  

Bullshit.  




We aren't moving forward at all, we still only care about what's crammed down our throats to be acceptable. I personally have nothing against gays, at all. People are people, but it's hilariously how ironic it is for Nike to hold up this value yet they have child laborers, no doubt. This isn't holding up values, it's business.




Serious question for gay people. Do you care that Pacquiao believes this and does what he says affect you in anyway? Follow up question if Nike didnt end its endorsement with him would you still buy its products? No troll or argument.




Good job Nike, now sort out the sweat-shops.




Kind of ironic though that Nike is taking the moral high ground when the majority if not *all* of their products are made in sweatshops and/or by children...




Well, I won't be buying any Nike shoes anytime soon. 




"Manny is a convert of enlightened Christianity, which does not believe in same-sex relationships."

Yeah... really enlightened.




"We have to be 100% tolerant of anyone and everything, except for someone's intolerance"




Fuck Nike. When did corporate America and the media become so pro-gay?




Yeah, the guy who makes his money Beating other humans senseless seemed like a great role model until this.




So hugging and leaning on a guy in the ring is straight




The Philippines is known for its staunchly catholic values.  Clearly Nike is being culturally insensitive towards the cultural values of a hundred million people, of whom Pacquiao is an elected representative.  This is an abhorrently insensitive and even racially bigoted move on the part of Nike, and they should apologize swiftly if they don't want to be associated with the ongoing global cultural impressment of western values.




Fuck Nike! Child labor is ok, but God forbid you talk trash about gay people. Nike only did this to show face. Not because they care about anything other then themselves.




i've never seen a Pac related post on here reporting on all the good he does... he's against gay marriage, and according to the reddit neckbeard keyboard army, all the philanthropy, everything he's given is canceled out. fuckin morons. i doubt very much that there is another athlete who has given as much as Pacquiao has. 




My cats, who are brothers, are always trying to hump eachother. idiots. 




Damn, it's his own opinion. Everyone is soo P.C now that they can't voice an unpopular opinion without catching heat. 

  In my opinion, I think Homosexuality, is a *possibly* curable *possible* mental illness. Gay's and SJW's, don't even bother brigading me, science is not on your side, nor is chance, because, it is certainly possible.


that said, I have nothing against gays, that also being said, I strongly dislike most of the gays I have met, out of pure chance; A lot of them I've met, have been self centered assholes, who think, because they are gay, that they are the equivalent to Napolean, or other historical figures, simply because they are gay. However, I have met a few Gay's who were okay people, though, out of coincidence(I assume) they have all been older(like 50's), like my buddie's two gay Uncle's, who honestly appear not *much* different than a couple of normal straight dudes, and were pretty cool.




TIL People don't understand how sponsorship contracts work.




i wonder when free speech will become completely absent in this country.  It's almost gone on college campuses.  Coming soon to a neighborhood near you!




Today's anti-fascist are the new fascists. 




PC Bro! Still a fan of Pac so it's OK.




Everyone is so butt hurt all the damn time! (pun intended!) Not everything has to be so personal!




Being gay isn't normal




I used to be a HUGE fan of his, but he's gotten way too religious and holier than thou. I was secretly happy when Mayweather won. 




Been saying it for years, Manny Pacquiao is a giant piece of bigot shit.  Fuck him.  




Ignoring Brandel Chamblee is a pretty good bet.




He obviously doesn't know about DDD day.




I have a question for all the PR people out there: Did they end the contract because of his stance against gay marriage, or the articulation of the stance using animals as an example? I'm just having trouble coming to terms whether or not this is a matter of political correctness or not. I imagine the only reason Nike is doing this is because of his stance on gay marriage, as endorsing him means that they are alienating the LGBT demo. So I would assume that they are doing this to protect their brand? It seems like a double edged sword, since Pacquiao cannot get political otherwise it endangers Nike, but for both sides to mutually benefit it means Pacquiao has to either keep his mouth shut or cannot speak his mind. 




Who is Nike? 




Why can't assholes stfu and just take the money?!




love manny to death, but he's not really the smartest filipino out there




So this makes Nike pro-gay?   Conservatives now to stop wearing Nike?




Of what context was this statement of his in reference to? 




Whose business is it if a man wishes to insert his forearm up another man's rectum?




Or because his star has faded.  I bet that kore than anything.




Wonder what would have happened if he brought up Nike's child labor sweat shops?




And the shoe making slave kids cheered! 




lol @ Nike taking the moral high ground on anything. 




Interesting how quickly it turned around and how fast he was bowing to his masters as soon as Nike took the money away.

Oh wait, that's not interesting at all. That's entirely predictable.




This is the least surprising thing ever. If anything has taught us Manny Paqcuiaos upbringing was rather suspect. Multiply that with a hyper christian Philippines and it's easy to see why he has these views. I'm actually surprised this hasn't happened sooner. 




"We're here to talk about celebrities, not politics"




I doubt he gives a shit




God's free market at work.




He is a politician in his country and one of his platforms is anti-gay. Why does this surprise anybody? 




If he made the argument that there are no (solely) homosexual animals that can pro-create, and sustain their species, he would have a point. But instead it sounds ignorant because there are in fact animals that resort to homosexuality when no females are present. Prime example is gorillas in the wild, when males are exiled from the group by the silverback gorilla.




deleted  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.8018  [^^^What ^^^is ^^^this?](https://pastebin.com/FcrFs94k/21864)




Oh no. He should start a gofundme so he can afford food




They've got a brand to protect, its called Capitalism.




I feel like in the future we probably may see celebrities having other people talk for them.




It almost makes you forget their child labor violations




Will Nike continue to sell in and pay taxes in to support countries that will put you to death for being gay?  Yup.  Hypocrites.




anti gay, Pro sweat shop hahahaha




This [list](http://www.gaystarnews.com/article/so-it-turns-out-giraffes-are-gayest-animal-planet231014/#gs.O2rVOv8) must have been written before we found out about swans... Or they didn't want to cause tears in a certain household.




Good to see Nike is sticking up for human rights. Now enjoy your Nike shoes made by poor children in a third world nation!




I'm reminded of the time Nike tried to get Zach Galifianakis to be in a commercial for them.

When they called him up, he asked them if they were still having 7-year-olds make their shoes. Nike opted not to pursue any further negotiations. 

So, I guess my point is, it's nice that they're dropping an anti-gay bigot, but I wonder if they're still using 7-year-olds to make their stuff?




i thought he was a fan of Bruce Lee




More like he isn't relevant anymore so we looked for a reason to drop him. He's always had these views




I haven't seen anything about this on ESPN.




It's not just him, that's the general attitude of the extremely Catholic Phillipines.




How much did he lose?





[deleted]




Swans, Manny. Think about the SWANS!




Breaking news..
HUMANS ARE ANIMALS




My cats often undertake lesbian action when in heat.

Not sure what that guy is talking about.




So he's not a second coming of Christ after all? Huh. Next thing you know, well learn that Bernie Sanders is not perfect...




Half the people who endorse Nike say anti-gay shit all the time and Nike chooses to look the other way 




Nike with the slick PR move dropping Pacquiao when they don't need him. 




Something similar happened in India. Famous Indian Actor Aamir Khan's Contract wasn't renewed allegedly due to his comments on  'Rising Intolerence in India' his comments also got a backlash from general population in ways of users uninstalling Apps by brands that he endorsed. 




And he apologized for comparing them to animals? Animals are awesome, if anything humans are the bad thing in a comparison because they can think the way he does..




This isn't without consequences. What will come of the many Nike staffers whose sole job is promoting Pacquiao as a spokesman for Nike. They are out of a job. 




I thought Manny Pacquiao was the kid from Modern Family




He should have just said that his Twitter got hacked instead of "apologizing". 




Maybe Chick-fil-a will pick him up.




The dude was at the end of his career anyways, Nike saves some money and ends up looking like the good guy in the media.




Can I request someone to make a gif of Manny getting knocked out by Marquez but with the Nike logo on Marquez's head please? 




What Manny did is simply not positive publicity. its a good lesson others should keep in mind, and plus its no one business what gays or anyone else is doing and ESPECIALLY quote bible shit....then you are just fucking mentally retarded. No one wants to deal with that mentality




He is worth $170 mil and is at the end of his career. He as always been open about his views on gay relationships. It is something he doesn't personally approve of. I watch boxing because I love watching boxing. Not because the pacman doesn't like gays. The world of boxing has always been full of scumbags. Pacquiao is an angel compared to the stuff other boxers and promoters have said/done.




I guess its time for reddit to get the pitchforks turn on Pacquiao, a person whom we all formally loved, just like Jennifer Lawrence and Ronda Rousy




He must not get out to dog parks very often. I see male dogs going at it all the time.





Filipinos are the Mexicans of Asia




His views are the same as the Popes.  He just used stronger words.

People just need to find people they can hate to ignore the issue.




Isn't homosexuality widespread among animals?




Nike getting butt hurt now.




How progressive of Nike! Definitely drop the guy that made an uneducated remark but keep on using that child labor.




[deleted]




Kobe the rapist gets a deal.

Violent criminals get a deal.

Someone who opposes gay actions and would is trying to be a decent human being?  No deal for you.

This culture is doom.




Never knew speaking your opinion was so frowned down upon




oh no someone said something that someone else didn't agree with! all the poor liberal fee-fees!




Manny has been very outspoken about this for years. My fiance is a catholic filipino, they are all pretty much against gay relations. Is it ethical for them to say it? No but it is their opinion and we can screw whomever we like.




Props to Reddit for all the faux outrage!  
I mean, sweatshop apparel is awesome so long as it's not endorsed by anyone whose views on homosexuality are different than yours!!  
Good job today Reddit, take the rest of the day off!




[removed]




I used to like Manny. Now I don't like him anymore since he hates gay people. In this day and age, I don't understand how people can still be against gay rights. 




Good for him! The more unpopular it becomes to stand up and say or do the right thing, the more I admire people that do it.




He has to apologize? He has to apologize because he doesn't agree with gays or gay marriage or whatever the fuck nobody gives a fuck. Quit trying to make everyone feel fucking guilty because they don't like or agree with gay marriage. Making people who agree with it feel like they're enlightened or some shit. Nobody gives a fuck about you faggs. Keep it to yourselves and quit trying to force people to accept you. Some people do and some people don't. Get over it you fucking drama queens.




Boooooo! You're not endorsing him for his politics, you're endorsing him as a boxer. 

Just because you sponsor tiger woods doesn't mean you somehow support adultery. Although, given this article maybe that's exactly what it means.

It's official, Nike supports adultery.






[deleted]




It sucks that a guy can give a sincere apology and still receive an outpouring of hatred. Yet *our* modern culture is the superior ideology? I don't think Nike should have to stick with a person who's bad for their brand, or that people should be compared to animals, but he said sorry. If you can't accept his apology - that's on you.




Everybody is so ultra sensitive these days.  Sheesh.  




Thanks, thought police of corporate America! Remember to shut down anyone and everyone who disagrees with your narrative! I'm Gay, and Shit like this disgusts me. 




dog rapes another dog because hes horny 

reddit -"wow see animals are homosexual!" 

"my dog humped my leg, interspecies sex is natural too!!"




Oh no, he made an offensive comment about homosexuality that he has every right to hold, whatever will we do?




It is OK to find gay behavior disgusting, it is OK to not like gay people. It is wrong to discriminate or hurt people because of said behavior. 




One of the thresholds to adulthood is the ability to have differing opinions from someone without being an whiny bitch about it.

your move reddit.




fuck Nike. as if Manny gives a shit about their money. I'm tired of the fucking thought police demanding we all think and talk the same way. not everyone likes everything you like. for instance, I don't like Nike and will spread my anti-Nike love far and wide. 




For all those people that still think Nike uses sweatshops. Do some research before spouting off ignorant takes. http://www.businessinsider.com/how-nike-solved-its-sweatshop-problem-2013-5




Hey Nike, are kids still making your shoes? Stop trying to become a billboard for world peace. You're just as dirty as he is, and what he said wasn't even that bad.




Good. Starting to sound like Manny isn't the great guy everyone thinks he is. I never knew he was a cheater but now i know that he's both a cheater and basically a close minded homo-phobe. No better than the girl beating Mayweather... 




I showed this to my wife, and suddenly she's crying because this reminded her that swans could be gay.




This just in

Man most likely with brain damage due to concussions has terrible opinions

Story updating 




All this guy has to do is be quiet and cash his checks and live a ridiculous life. why would he even do talk shows or whatever the fuck this was?




Fucking guy in a fucking useless sport




"They are worse than animals"' said the future vegetable. 




"They are worse than animals", said the future vegetable. 




Why doesn't Nike take the chance to educate rather than proscribe? Pacquiao is like many uneducated citizens of all countries with views that are not based on the latest scientific evidence or writings in high-brow publications. Nike could have made a very well publicised statement here that didn't cause so much (unjustified) anger - and could have been part of a positive message in this debate, not just fanning flames that may even increase the appeal of Trump et al.




Perhaps something was lost in translation.  Surely Manny knows you're not allowed to disagree with any lifestyle choice in 2016.




I seriously can't understand how a man or woman can like a man. If I was born a woman I'd be lesbian though lol. So I'm not against homosexuality. I just don't find men attractive.




On the one hand Americans want free speech on the other hand they are so upset that he exercised it and said he finds gay sex disgusting. 

Why the double standard? 




Do you see animals punching each other senseless while other animals stand around watching and cheering for fun?




Great, swift and clean. No drama. <clap clap>




There's a lot of bitching here, but seriously, he thought it was a good idea to publicly proclaim that a group of people are lower than animals?  Of course you get fired for that.  It's not even pc bullcrap, it's just really offensive.  Maybe you could get away with saying that about isis or a mass murderer, but not about a demographic with much higher than average disposable income.  Also manny lost some cache after the mayweather fight, so this mighg have been an easy out for nike.

  I love him as a fighter and a guy that came up from nothing, and as someone who seems like a genuinely good guy.  He is probably even actually sorry for his remark.  But there's nothing wrong with nike firing him.




[deleted]




As a cynic, I wonder how much of this is motivated by Nike trying to curry favor with the lesbian athletes of the world




Manny has been saying homophoblic shit for over a decade.  Nike only dropped him because he's washed up and can't/won't beat Floyd Mayweather Jr.




Nike doesn't respect 1st amendment rights? It caters to the mob mentality & has the morals of this shitty society? I'm shocked.




Here's one for ya: Who the fuck cares? He's Manny Pacquiao, a boxer... OMG soooo influential on U.S. domestic policy.




[deleted]




It's funny how a man can say one thing and just get trashed by people for it. Religious views shouldn't matter. It's not like he committed a crime, meanwhile he's actually trying to do great things for his country. I wish he would have been silent on this issue but his faith is important to him enough to speak his beliefs.

Edit: I wasn't expecting so many people having sentiment against an opinion being voiced. America is a country full of different opinions. At some point you have to look at it and move on. He's not harming anyone in America just voicing his opinion which is a right in this country. We may not like it but to turn people like him into outcasts for an opinion is close minded to his culture. Shunning is not the way to deal with these people.




What did he say?   I can't even open the damn link.




Mayweather > Rousey > Manny




Hes a devout theist from the Philippines with very little formal education. He's a fighter not a civil rights activist.




"Uhhh Mr. Pacquiao, we don't allow that kind of hate speech. Our sweat shops are among the world's most progressive."




I think Pacquiao is forgetting that swans can be gay, too.




You go Manny. Way to stick with what you believe.




Pacquiao is acting like ISIS.




If he wants to get religious, a sin is a sin. No sin is worse then another sin in gods eyes, so when he puts down another he is sinning just like a homosexual....anyway Filipinos are hard-core religious especially the 7th day adventists and roman catholic & those religions are running rampant there. 




Not that I'm defending him, but what the hell do you guys expect? Do you know anything about the Phillipines? It's one of the most Catholic countries in the world. They have the same issues with Birth Control and Gay rights as the rest of the far religious right.




Not to mention he is a politician as well, he may not even believe what he said but it may be a reflection of his constituents beliefs on the cultural and societal values.




I like that we act surprised when a Catholic politician from a very Catholic country has a problem with gay rights. Really?




What an apology.. -_-; "I'm sorry for hurting people by comparing homosexuals to animals. Please forgive me for those I've hurt. I still stand on my belief that I'm against same sex marriage because of what the Bible says, but I'm not condemning LGBT. I love you all with the love of the Lord. God Bless you all and I'm praying for you."




Funny how Nike pretends to make decisions based on moralistic values when they use child labor to manufacture their products. 




I found his comment offensive and I'm not even gay

it's 2016 and people still think a homosexual man is attracted to other men in a different fashion than a hetero man is attracted to women? Like cmon this isn't a difficult concept. Religion blurs the lines a little, sure, but I know plenty of Christian people who don't say or believe shit like this...you can certainly believe in jesus and acknowledge homosexuality as a legitimate sexual orientation

I hope this makes him realize how ignorant some of his beliefs are (it won't but I can hope)




I'm really upset that Pacquiao couldn't at least express his anti-gay distastes more maturely as opposed to insulting remarks like he did. It's completely fine to say you aren't gay as long as you stay respectful of thise who are, but comparing gay people to animals? LOL what was he even thinking? And his Instagram "apology" was pretty much a "sorrynotsorry."  




At least he apologized. I think he's still a good guy in heart.




you would think a man who s worth 200M can speak his mind freely. I am not condoning him for anti-gay remarks, but our society has a ill way to shut someone up, as if that will change their opinion. Turning people to liars is all that is gonna happen. Next time Manny speak it will be something Pro-gay, but what could possibly changed his mind? Except knowing  that his true opinion cost him a deal and a fortune. I think deeply he is gonna be resent gay even more. 




I remember him saying something to the effect of gays being lower than animals. Which is funny because my mother married a Filipino immigrant who told stories of circumcisions being performed upon reaching puberty, and that the village men used to have sex with water buffaloes.




why the fuck do ppl care.. i hate the human race 95 percent of the time for the shit that makes them angry.. animals are actually better. when they get angry its either a sickness or a good reason




This man has suffered hundreds of concussions. His brain is battered, beaten and worn. He is not the man he would of been if he'd not sustained all those injuries for the entertainment of unethical people. If you gave him an IQ test, I doubt he'd score an 85.

Fucking another man in the ass is much less unethical than watching two men beat the fuck out of each other for your own entertainment, obviously, at it's very worst and most condemnatory. 

So if you want to bang another guy, as a guy, go for it. If you want to watch brutal combat sports that lead to untold brain injuries, fuck you. 




Like this is going to hurt him. He's building house for hundreds of families. That guy is set for life all he needs to do is sit back down and stop meddling with politics. 




Think i might unsubscribe from news




Now if only they'd end their sweatshop labor practices.




http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/religion/9589899/Stephen-Fry-260-animals-have-gay-tendencies-but-only-humans-are-homophobic.html




A guy from the Philippines is homophobic? Fucking shocker. It doesn't excuse it, but come the fuck on how are people surprised that Manny would think this stuff.




>Have you seen any animal having male-to-male or female-to-female relations?

Yes, actually. Shoulda fact checked that one I guess... bet he thought he had a gem. 




Gods of robbery and slavery like Apple and Nike now acting like they are freedom fighters. What a time to be alive!




Instead of crushing this man with hate show him compassion and try to educate him.  I see more hate from the words you guys are speaking than him.  




TIL: I was pronouncing NIKE wrong. I was saying nike like nice.




Manny Pacquiao is catholic. Of course he's going to make remarks that are discriminatory. The bible doesn't support worldly views. 




Also, Manny Pacquiao's followers on Twitter went from 2.5 million to 13-15 thousand quickly. GG internet




>"Have you seen any animal having male-to-male or female-to-female relations?" Pacquiao said. "If you have male-to-male or female-to-female [relationships], then people are worse than animals."

why yes, yes we have, Manny. 

Recent research has found that homosexual behavior in animals may be much more common than previously thought. Although Darwin’s theory of natural selection predicts an evolutionary disadvantage for animals that fail to pass along their traits through reproduction with the opposite sex, the validity of this part of his theory has been questioned with the ***discoveries of homosexual behavior in more than 10% of prevailing species throughout the world.***

If he read something besides an 'enlightened christian bible' occasionally, he would know that.

And if the people behaved more like animals...humanity wouldnt be the gigantic cluster fuck it is...





This is nothing more than a company bailing out of a deal they don't want to pay anymore,

They probably get more media attention from pulling their contact than they would have for all of his fights or promotions




I don't remember any of the gay kids wearing nike...ever. 




I have no clue why the gay community is so sensitive. Who cares if a boxer doesnt approve of your love of penis. Not everyone has to like it. foh




1. We are animals. Open a fifth grade biology book. 

2. Other animals besides humans are homosexual. In fact, sheep have a higher homosexual population than humans; there is also a specific breed of Japanese monkey that has an abnormally large population of lesbians. Many species of fish also commonly are homosexual. 




Gay people: Why must we all love how gay you are? Isn't it okay that not everyone in the world is in love with each other? Can't I just go on not giving a shit? So what, he doesn't want to suck a dick? He's a boxer, I don't care if he doesn't want to suck a dick I just want to see him fight. Same thing with chick fil a, just give me some fuckin chicken, let's leave weiners out of this. Let's leave weiners out of everything!




[deleted]




He is right though, it's abnormal and disgusting but we live in highly retarded PC time.




Such a non-story I feel like boycotting Nike. 

Then I read the comments… sickening.






Manufactured outrage strikes again.

Only the smallest of minorities cares if Manny dislikes homosexuality. 

Nevermind that Manny's view is in the majority.

Companies like Nike are just lucky the majority isn't so petty. 




If you want to know who rules over you, just look at who you're not allowed to criticize.




I am anti-gay too..is it up or down here?




I hate how gay people have the right to voice how gay they are and it's no big deal. But when a straight person says how straight they are and thinks that stuff is weird it's sooo bad. Fuck gay people for making every straight person feel like an asshole for being straight. And fuck you too




so? Why is it so wrong for people to be apposed to gay relations and then get called bigots as if that is not hypocrisy? HOW DARE YOU NOT LIKE GAY! ..so?




yeah, because in todays rotten western world you get bashed for being straight and having dignity instead of being a fucking pervert




"Please forgive me for those I hurt. God bless!"
Fuck him.  Goddam socially inept moron. 




We could all be logical for once and admit that both religiously (most, maybe all, idk) and BIOLOGOCALLY, being gay is a DEFECT. It IS wrong. The purpose of any living thing is to reproduce. That's why you don't see large numbers of gays in the wild. Now please, don't get me wrong; I have no problem with the gays. If they're happy, fine. Idc. I'm just saying, let's sit down and be objective for a second without getting our feelings in a bunch eh?




The anti-people having differing opinions than me circle jerk is real.




Oh look at. All the homosexuals with the quick witted responses. There's a reason why we're male and female. Remember that before you decide to think about getting fucked by your own gender.




Oh, good. Nike is up to date with not sponsoring homophobes.

They did sponsor Eric Cantona, though. We just have to get them to work on their not-sponsoring-French-fuckwits-who-kick-spectators-in-the-head policy.




This is wrong, brainless, and ignorant (as in pacquiao). However can we please stop being so damn sensitive every single time someone says something dumb. This is a little different but shit hold your head high give them a fuck off and keep doing you, prove them wrong. You'd go from fight to fight your whole life battling the mindless idiots in this world. 




**Nike ends endorsement contract with Manny Pacquiao over ~~anti-gay remarks~~internet rage.**  
  
Welcome to the Internet 2016.  Fucking guy even withdrew his comments, lol.




Reading the comments that support him on this one really is scary.. Its ridiculous..




I have no opinion on this. Just thought I'd let you guys know.
 




if he's so opposed to gay marriage, then why did he marry someone who looks so much like a man?




Wait till the infant labourers hear that their boxing idol being a homophobe, that's DISGUSTING




If he wasn't semi-retired they would've just had him issue an apology




Oh fuck off Nike. Your use of sweatshops and child labour is abhorrent. "We find Manny Pacquiao's comments abhorrent," the company said in a statement. "Nike strongly opposes discrimination of any kind and has a long history of supporting and standing up for the rights of the LGBT community."




Reddits got a new celeb to hate, can't wait for th TIL tommorow on how he's such a piece of shit




The main problem I'm having with his overall "apology" is that it basically means "I'm sorry to offend people but I still don't think it's right". Yes it is a mature answer but that kind of thinking is so backwards in today's age. 

The fact that they mention how it's not as socially accepted in the Phillipines compared to the US and that it comes off automatically as "hate speech" is also backwards too. Acknowledgement of homosexuals and upholding their rights regardless of sexuality is the important key. Just because the majority of your country believes homosexuality is wrong does not mean that you can justify it by any means. 

Homosexuality wouldn't be such a big issue if people didn't have to hide their sexuality, be verbally or physically abused, persecuted by religion, denied marriage rights and so on. 

Also, are they saying that Nike is just removing the endorsement because of the risk to their wider audience? The fuck? So they're saying, "Nike is actually supporting LGBT because they would like to avoid backlash and loss of certain demographics". 

I really hope the world can go towards the focus from religion to the focus of human rights and laws. 




Good lord Nike is pathetic. 




The gay mafia strikes again




Oh wow, someone has their own opinion.  Their own set of morals and values!!! Let's damn them!

Progressive Liberals:  Hypocrites.  




Omg! he hurt my feelings :(




Insulting gays? That's unacceptable! Chinese slave labour is still ok right? 




god forbid someone be religious 




   Fuck Nike.  I respect a man being himself more than I do a man being a corporate hand puppet whether or not I agree with his views or beliefs.




Commence reddit shitlib circlejerk about anyone who has the audacity to be a Christian. 




"We use famous people to make tons of money, but then drop them if they have views different than the general public"
-Nike







Why do people concern themselves so much with what other people think




What someone had a personal opinion that differs from others! !? It's almost like different people are capable of having independent thoughts that others might not agree with. 




bible thumper spewing bible inspired hate.
nothing new here folks, move along.




Reddit = 24/7 gay watch.  The gaytheist movement has been the greatest con pulled by politicians in the 21st century.  For decades, virtually ever measure of social and economic health has declined for average people in the first world, but the biggest issue is how 2% of the population's sexual proclivities are treated.




Manny can hold whatever personal view he wishes to. 
He donates a fuck ton to homeless people and also does a lot for his poor nation of the Philippines. 




It is sad to see so many people care what others think.

He doesnt like gay people, so who the fuck cares? Does anyone really care so much? I'm tired of people not being able to tolerate other people's views. And yeah, he might be an asshole, but he has every right to think one way, and we have every right to think he is a douche.

Personally I don't really care what anyone thinks. All people are animals. Get over it.

Edit: I would also like to add that I think it sucks to have your sponsors pulled because of your beliefs, even if they suck. Look at Donald Trump.  

The point I'm trying to make is that we need to agree to disagree. The world is becoming intolerable to the intolerable, which isn't going to make to world a better place.




I wonder if Nike endorses any Muslim athletes.




The west forcing ideals on others...




wow who knew nike was so biggoted, ending an endorsement based on someones beliefs?

wild stuff.

"I dont share his opinion so next time he fights mayweather i hope he dies as a result of a stadium collapse."

i love the diversity, it's 2016 amirite?




Trump is coming! Thanks PC police.




Title gore, Manny was anti-gay **marriage** not anti-LGBT.




Can we please note that he is speaking Tagalog and not "Filipino"




Hello, Pat Robertson here. Manny Pacquiao is absolutely right.

Signing off, good day.




He's a Filipino boxer - who gives a shit what his views on gay marriage are. 




Fighting Opinions with intolerance.... hmmmmm GO TEAM 'MURICA!




I don't want my shoes weighing in on politics. I will never purchase Nike again.




You guys must remember he comes from Asia, which are much much more conservative and respect old traditions than western countries.




I'm tolerant of all viewpoints, unless your viewpoint is different than mine.




Two questions, who cares what manny pacquiao thinks about things other than boxing? And why is someone asking pacquiao questions about gay people? 




I accidentally watched a gay porn for a few seconds, balls colliding and everything. I threw up in my mouth !




Good move by Nike. Ignorant by Manny




I don't understand the corporate logic here.

Who are these thousands of people that will stop buying Nike Products because someone said something they didn't like and also wears nike products?

To me the correct response seems to be to point that same sex sexual relations are very common in the animal kingdom and go on with your life.

To me this just makes me think Nike is either cowardly or a bully.




It's ok Manny you can come out of the closet now, everything will be fine.




Yeah fuck him for having opinions and standing up for them 




I'm anti-gay too. So what?




[deleted]




So you can rape someone (Kobe) and still keep your deal, but voice your opinion on how you feel about a controversial topic and lose your deal? Regardless, they have the right to sponsor who they want, the same way he has the right to voice what he feels is right. But let's not pretend NIKE is standing on some moral high ground here. 




Manny can easily fix this whole debacle by saying he as brain damage and sometimes isn't in control of his own mouth.  




How far the greats have fallen.




Honestly, the fact that someone like him even had a political career shows everything that is wrong with the Philippine government, and the country as a whole.




It's a weird world we live in where a company can sell shoes sourced from child labor but makes a big stink about someone saying mean things to gay people.




Meanwhile Nike uses slave labor. Get the fuck outta here. 




No comment a Pacquiao but Nike cam suck a fat dick for selling fake "running shoes" everytime I see girls running in Nike's just cause they look cute or have a cute colour, I cringe, they would be better off running in their flats. 




What he said was very stupid but I think nike were pretty happy about it. Lets face it, he has lost his appeal now that he is retiring very soon and the fight with mayweather was very 1 sided. Nike were probably hoping for some type of excuse to fire him




The amount of blatant bigotry in the comments anytime a non-white person falls is down right crazy.

Not only are people being abhorrent about latin people, but why are there so many comments about Mayweather and his ability to read?




Although i get it. No one really cares...




Every time there is something of value I want to see in Reddit...baconreader sucks and it won't open. 




Christsakes what a dumbass.  His own name roughly translates to "Harder, man, Ouch!"




Didn't he make homophobic remarks years ago? Is this just the first opportunity they had due to the bindings of the contract? 




Not surprised. Tim Cook is a Board member of Nike




I think the bigger question is why do we look to random celebs to be fonts of information?




I don't think it is hate speech. He said what he believed in, and that is that. I'm not saying Nike must keep their contracts with him, but I don't think that his opinion is of lesser value than someone that thinks the opposite.





He probably doesn't dislike or avoid gay people. He was exaggerated the topic for his point to settle. The "worse than animals" was the only part I saw go to far.




It's not that impressive by Nike. He's about to retire and washed up. Not a difficult decision at all. 




Not defending his excuses, it is unexcusable not to accept humanity this way and show integrity ethically, but remember his familiy is very reservative catholic and he was raised that way heavily all his life. Great fighter, poor education




pacquiao doesn't need the money. but nike is throwing themselves under the bus in latin america by shunning one of the region's most popular sports stars. nike has stood with other athletes who said/done much worse. 




Damnit, Manny, what an amateur dumb mistake!! Stay away from the Gays! Stick to dogging Muslims and Mexicans, for guilt free public bashing. At least you won't lose any contracts.




Wow I actually kinda liked him, I hope he gets deformed now




Umm... There are lots of gay animals. Like I mean lots. Bonobos, dogs, people... pretty much all the Romans. That's a joke, relax.




There are consequences to actions and always have been.  




He must have brain damage.




I disagree with everything he said...but he's a athlete that grew up piss poor and fought his way out of it, literally. His culture and country are strongly backed by religious nonsense and he dropped out of school before he even reached high school. Be annoyed, sure, but let's not treat him the same as you would an American congressman that says and does the same. He's ignorant, not an asshole. 




Where's Cheese Sauce Cries when you need him




Huh I could have sworn there was like, a word for "anti-gay"... homophone? 




Manny is perfect for the face of Kayne West's Yeezys.




0-100 real quick. Real quick on some homophobic shit




Just a sports guy/politician/pastor airing out his opinion on social media. His personal stand/interpretation on same sex marriage was shown to the public, he was not pushing the idea nor making a law against same sex marriage. Just a bad PR mistake for a guy who has been getting L's lately.




I agree with Nike but don't they have sweat shops in foreign countries? They don't have the right to criticize others for their indiscretions.




Hmmm....Chick-fil-A  to sponsor Pacquiao in his last fight?




So that is the final straw???  Smh. 




[deleted]




Let this be a warning to all of you.  Celebrate the beautiful bravery and that is being gay.    Or else.    




[deleted]




Absolutely disgusting.

I can't believe in this day and age Nike publicly supports sodomy.




[deleted]




Who cares if he has that opinion but what an idiot for saying it out loud. He's either dumb as a bag of dicks or he hates money.




We will respect your religious beliefs, until they aren't popular. 





Reddit is all about having different views and discussing them in a civil way. I'm not sure how offensive he was towards homosexuality, but he's as entitled to his opinion as any one.

The fact that some of the top comments are about a stadium collapsing on him because he practices a religion that is against homosexual behavior demonstrates the hypocritical nature of some people on Reddit. 
Edit: or a not so civil way I guess




What's wrong with a man having an opinion. 




Logically and scientifically what he said wasn't untrue, insensitive or hateful




So what? People are allowed their own sexual preferences **and** their own views. It's genuinely all fair unless it comes to violence.




Strange how one can't have an opinion these days. The "tolerant" are so intolerant. 




So, he believes gay marriage is wrong. You know who else believes that? **The majority of the world.**   Maybe Nike should be more concerned with slave labor issues they've been accused of instead of someone's political views.




If you are a true Christian who believe in every word of the bible,  in Leviticus 20:13: **If there is a man who lies with a male as those who lie with a woman, both of them have committed a detestable act; they shall surely be put to death. Their bloodguiltiness is upon them.**  
  
Do you blame Pacquiao or the book?




let him think what he wants.  jesus




Freedom of speech but only if we like what we hear. /s




Truly progessive and liberal thinking means that he says what he wants exercising his unalienable right of free speech, and people who don't like it ignore him and understand that it is his opinion.

Thousands of idiots come and post on reddit everyday spouting nonsense, good thing it doesn't bother me. I'm just happy they can do so, along with myself, without being hunted down and executed verbally or physically.

Edit: Apparently by the downvotes people think truly progressive thinking means everyone should be silent, conform, and let freedom float away. You have to be quite weak minded to expect everyone to agree with your views and get upset when they don't.  That isn't forward, that's backward.




Will there be a manhunt this big over rappers who make homophobic statements in their music?  Or is this progressive culture hypocritical?




I am not a supporter of his beliefs but you all need to realize that he comes from a different background than most of us. He is very very VERY Christian and lives and breathes the bible. Sure, he is offending a shit ton of people but aren't you offending him by attacking his beliefs? I am all for the LGBT community but he is not hating them because he hates them, he simply doesn't believe in it based on what he was taught while growing up in the Philippines. Im sure some of you will understand what I am saying. But most will be triggered by this.. so be it. 




Doesn't Nike use Phillipino slave children to make the shoes and shirts? 




This is nothing new, he is just no longer one of the premier fighters in the world. 



**WAKE UP SHEEEPLE**  *(always wanted to say that sorry)*




oooh Nike is punishing Manny. BFD....I think he'll be OK.




Fuck Nike. Pacquiao has been anti-gay for years and they just now have a problem with it?




I don't feel like people who aren't pro-gay marriage should get shun like this. It is their stand point and belief as part of their culture and/or religion. I feel that their opinions should be respected. Its becoming a subject that people are afraid to go against because they will be attacked by everyone else. Just like my comment might take a large amount of down votes.




I don't think it's right that he will be black listed for simply stating what he believes in. Wether you agree with him or not, he should not suffer because of his beliefs/life views just like no homosexual should suffer for his life views/sexual orientation. 

All the guy did was state his opinion and it would be very sad to see something like this end his endorsement career. After all he is a boxer why would anyone care about his views on gay marriage? It's not like he's making the laws. 

TL;DR: it is a shame to see a man suffer due to him speaking his mind. Freedom of speech is important a right many are willing to die for. (I understand he's not from America) but Nike is an American corporation 




Anti gay is a negative! Child labor is a positive! 




Yay a socially acceptable cause western society can agree on lets circle jerk about it. Now I wonder, what are some things that people do that create tremendous suffering and destruction that it isn't socially acceptable to oppose or address yet? Hm... Nah, that would make me a social delinquent. Yay socially acceptable cause and no further!




Everyone has their own views on the matter. You can't suddenly hate him because of his own view. He is still a great fighter. 




ITT: Comments that make me ashamed to be a member of the human race




TIL that Manny Pacquiao is going to start crying very soon (because, you know, swans can be gay too)...




That apology is the biggest load of horseshit. Nothing about him apologizing is sincere. It's not like he accidentally said something homophobic or his words were taken out of context. He blatantly said that gay people are lesser than animals.

He's not sorry. He just realized there are repercussions to his words.




There isn't anything wrong with being anti gay as long as you aren't like homophobic about it. 




using his logic, many animals sometimes eat their own young, we don't do that therefore:  "we are worse than animals" 

or alternatively

How many animals do you see getting married? none, therefore we are worse than animals 




At this very moment, in a  cage behind me, my parakeet named Caesar is humping another parakeet named Kanye.  Gay as can be.




It's a shame, he used to be boxings good guy 




or because he's washed up....




You guys realize Manny is like an uber religious 9 year old




He really didn't say anything that bad.  He said that gay people are worse than animals, but all humans are pretty much worse than animals because we are smart enough to destroy the planet.  And also we kill far more animals and humans than any animal species does.

But yes obviously they had to drop him because don't want to lose gay purchases of Nike products.




TIL you can speak about your beliefs only if they aren't about being a Christian and straight. Because lord knows everyone has to support the liberal agenda.




[removed]




I love Manny when he fights.

His personal life is VERY strange.

You have to take into account where he grew up.

I think he is the ruler of the Philippines or something?

He always has like 20 guys around him.

That's kinda strange.




Well they better cut contracts with probably all their athletes then. I'm sure most of them say shitty things sometimes 




Sorry, but what can you expect from a fucking boxer? Come on . . .




A guy has an opinion that goes against the progressive values. Who cares?




Nike has overpriced hunks of shit shoes anyways. Gotta side with Manny on this.




[removed]




Can we stop getting pissed over anti-gays as you call them? I am bisexual and do not care if people have an opinion on my orientation 




[deleted]




isn't sodomy one of the things an alpha male does to his vanquished foe?  manny's on a slippery slope there.




When keeping it real goes wrong




Shocking that a Catholic would follow the long-held Catholic view on gays that was probably pounded into his head weekly since his youth by every Catholic priest he ever had.




One too many hits to the head I hope, otherwise, fuck that guy.




They should have made comments against blacks or Muslims or sometimes Mexicans...woudl have been fine.

Give me a break with your fucking part time caring. Be honest with yourselves




Oh, no surprise, people taking the opportunity to let out their inner hate.




Uh....wait a minute.... so Manny Pacquiao is going to be a fucking SENATOR in the Phillipines.....and possibly their PRESIDENT?

Oh man am I glad I don't live there. We have it bad enough with the ignorant politicians in America.




I believe that he is allowed to have his own opinions. No, I don't agree with what he said and you don't have to either. If everyone would mind their own business, the world would be a better place. 




"He's doesn't love gay people enough so we're dropping him." Typical liberal agenda.




well I wont be buying nike anymore




Good for him for sticking with his beliefs. Also glad he apologized if the comparison was offensive. 

Referring to his tweet.

edit: Let the hate flow, I'm glad you're all sticking to your beliefs as well. mmmm




Reminds me of the 60's when someone would make a pro-gay remark and everyone would lose it.

I wonder if we'll be laughed at in 50 years for being so judgemental.




Their new slogan, "Nike, The shoe that gay guys wear." I'm sure that'll sell a lot of shoes for them.




People are allowed to not like things. I don't like water chestnuts for example. Hating on someone for not liking the gays is the EXACT same thing as hating on me for not liking water chestnuts.




Hey NKE, go fuck yourself. Manny has a right to his opinion, even when it is taken out of context. How about looking at that roster of athletes that are still under contract, you know, the ones that are using any number of anabolic/growth drugs, or the ones that have ongoing issues with LE,or the ones that have seven kids from eight girls...wait...




Who cares? Not everyone agrees with the PC line about the gay lifestyle. He's a boxer. Nike is losing more than it is gaining by cutting him off. People are more likely not to buy their products now.




I forgive you, Manny. Everyone is flawed, and at least you seem to understand what you did was wrong.




I'm with Manny. God put aids on the planet to teach homosexuals a lesson, and we keep doing it. We are not a species designed to last.




Wow that's so gay bro. Kick a man for standing up for what's right. Smh so gay Nike so gay




WTF, Nike is somehow the moral compass of the world?




Oh look, South Park was right. Ads using PC.




Good. He's a fucking twat waffle and obviously in the closet.




Well that's fucking gay.




[deleted]




What the fuck does his dislike of gays got to do with sports? Nike is full of shit for dropping him bc of what HE believes in. It's almost as bad as that fucking commercial that says this is a gay car...Sell a fucking car don't get me on your ban wagon. It's like the other way around now and anti gays are being judged and penalized just the way gays were before the marriage ruling. No one wins!!!! 




It's ignorant, but as a gay I don't really view it as offensive. He just said he doesn't think animals have gay sex even though they do. And he apologized for it.




Nike discriminating against someone for their opinions.  Okay.  How about discriminating against him for punching people in the face for a living?




[deleted]




It can be legal it, can be marriage, it can be accepted but it will never be normal, they'll always get the same stink eye that any other thing that is different gets its human nature to point and laugh.




It's like saying "oh, you don't believe in gay marriages? Sorry cant be friends." Instead of getting butt-hurt, understand what Manny beliefs are and not be offended by them. 




I'm pretty sure Mike Tyson doesn't care too much and he's a lot crazier and better at punching people.




He is handling the situation with surprising maturity. He accepted his responsibility and apologized.

> "His comments were made to a Filipino audience, where same-sex marriage is not as accepted as it is here, and Manny is a convert of enlightened Christianity, which does not believe in same-sex relationships. But to people in the United States, his words can only be viewed as hate speech. If I was running Nike, I would have to make the same decision they did."






That's bullshit, you don't have to be a bigot to be a professional fighter, Connor McGregor probably the mot famous male fighter in MMA endorsed same sex marriage during Ireland's referendum.

I hang out with a ton of professional fighters (as an amateur fighter myself) and they are all pretty progressive guys, what you do is no excuse for being a bigot. 




I know it's satire, but still, just because he punches people for a living, how is he exempt from being in support of gay rights.  Does not compute.




Is the article really trying to make the point that we should expect no more from a boxer than to be ignorant/uncivilized/brutish?  I don't think that's a fair assessment and it seems like it's sneaking in an irrelevant judgement of the sport.  Pacquiao should be judged on his own merits.  If he his homophobic, we should decry the things he says or does that are by their nature bigoted or hateful.  I have a hard time believing this type of argument would fly if it was made about an American linebacker.




ESPN is no hero in this either.  Manny has always been a homophobic bigot.  ESPN just waited until his relevance to the mainstream sports scene died down after his loss.  If he had won, ESPN would never cut ties with him.

Edit: Nike, not ESPN. My irrational hatred of ESPN bubbled over the top a little




The real story is that he's running for Senate.




Who cares, it's a chance to show the world the consequences of being an asshole. 




[deleted]




Probably the worst bit is this... 

> “It’s common sense. Do you see animals mating with the same sex?” Pacquiao said in an interview with the TV5 network in his native Philippines, where he is running for a Senate seat. “Animals are better because they can distinguish male from female. If men mate with men and women mate with women, they are worse than animals.” 

Literally quite a fucking lot of animal species mate with same sex partners. 




He just managed to Knock himself Out with that offensive comment.




Fuck that's amazing 




So... has anyone noticed that you linked to the parody site? The Onion made this one really subtle.




> Edit: Apparently this wasn't the onion link I thought it was.

Starwipe is actually an off-shoot of the Onion. It's their parody version of sites like TMZ. But The Onion is the parent company.




You mean "sheltered children shocked world has different view than they do".






Starwipe is owned by The Onion, and it's their satirical celebrity site. 




Please tell me that site is exactly like The Onion... 




It's Starwipe, and Onion, Av Club, Clickhole offshoot.




Before his comment: "brilliant talented boxer, distinguished athlete, champion in several categories"

After his comment: "bigot who punches people for a living"


Has it been found out that he's eating babies too yet?




“It’s common sense. Do you see animals mating with the same sex?”


He just needs to be introduced to some gay swans, I bet my left shoe he cries.




and yet apparently Filipinos elected him... lmao.




"Vaguely Brown Man Somehow Not Paragon Of Progressive Values"




Manny apologized for his words. http://edition.cnn.com/2016/02/16/sport/boxing-manny-pacquiao-animals-gay/




I really don't get why people would expect him to have progressive values from catholic nation 




The most amazing headline i've read.




StarWipe is the Onion's parody of Tabloid mags. Like Clickhole is the onion's parody of Upworthy, et al. 




Born again christian Pacquiao is also anti contraceptive, and anti abortion. [article](http://www.nytimes.com/2012/05/17/sports/manny-pacquiao-faces-criticism-over-stance.html) 

It is funny that we would expect a certain set of values of people who happen to be famous.





It was a BS thing to say, but im not shocked. He comes from a pretty religious country.




Not sure why those two things can't correlate.. 




Nike doesn't care about his comments, the just don't want to endorse someone getting so much heat




I work in apparel manufacturing - Nike is top notch with their auditing processes, it's unbelievable how stringent they are and it's nearly impossible to get in with them.

On the flipside, the argument of "we didn't know" with regards to sub-contracting is valid as it happens all. the. time. Factories will over-sell their capacity and figure it out later by subcontracting to local small units and then paying someone off to fudge the paperwork - Which is why I have a job as I'm constantly on the look for shit like that. It's a business where every cent counts and for damn sure the customer isn't going to pay. 




[deleted]




Nike's actually been fairly progressive as of lately [in regards to labor practices.](http://www.businessinsider.com/how-nike-solved-its-sweatshop-problem-2013-5)

Of course, there is room to improve, and controlling the entire labor and resource stream is extremely difficult in any product that uses outsourcing. But Nike has really been leading the way in the mass-produced shoe industry.




Pretty sure Nike is one of the few companies who actually tried to improve their child labor situation back in the 90s / early 2000s. 




I prefer to imagine that some executive at Nike heard that they were paying millions of dollars to a short Southeast Asian person and cut the contract.

The homophobic hate speech timing?  Pure coincidence.




I know there were news about that early 2000s but do they still do it? I can't remember a story like that in recent history. I was thinking they changed it.




My mom made the same argument to me and I was the disgusting one for knowing the correct answer. 




No, he's been through enough emotionally




[deleted]




[deleted]




Send him some videos of Bonobos greeting each with gay sex




> Should we tell him about swans? 

Or [Dolphins](http://i1095.photobucket.com/albums/i462/lfuqua3/9acee8e23ef397ea43c8be74f208110d.jpg)




Also, humans.




Giraffes are gay AF




[deleted]




I love how religious people always make this argument but then deny evolution because "humans are not animals"




I don't think we should make him cry.




He used to be my favorite boxer. These past 3 years he just makes me hate him more and more.




I saw a couple of male zebras go down on each other at the San Diego zoo. I don't think manny goes to enough zoos 




Or Eclectus parrots... Or sea horses.




A lot of animals take part in rape, incest, murder and cannibalism. "It's natural"




I had lesbian gerbils. They hump all the time. 




*cries out of happiness for the swans*




85% of giraffe sex is gay sex, no joke.




Snakes will do it coming out of Hibernation and the late arriving males will purposefully disguise themselves as female so they have an orgy start on them to warm up quickly and switch over to the ladies. 




Sometimes swans are gay




Maybe his wife will cry




https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_animals_displaying_homosexual_behavior

Way more than just swans.




has he never seen a monkey?




Love it when nature puts an end to a fucking ridiculous argument like this.




no pic no proof, requesting timestamp aswell




He can handle it, he ate his dog when he was a starving child




*Stop looking at Manny, Swan!*




A few swans aren't really tons of animals. 




I love comments like mannys, because they remind me that intolerance is usually not a matter of hatred as much as ignorance.  The guy really doesn't get homosexuality, Maybe he just lives  in a bubble.  I wish Nike would send him a personal educator instead of removing his endorsement.




Yup. My friend has 2 male dogs and the one is constantly trying to face fuck the other. 




Now my girlfriend is crying. Come on dude. 




Animals will fuck anything.  Same gender, other species.

The animal comparison is irrelevant.

Noone mainstream would use it to defend beastiality or rape.  So don't use it as a basis for comparison of gay relationships. 




My male dog has tried to have sex with other male dogs.




tell him about swans! he might cry.




How about gay fish? Kanye could attest. 




Should we tell him about lions?




I don't know, do we really want to risk this dude going around punching out swans?




My wife teared up after reading your comment.




Yes , when they are domesticated house pets and they only have other males or females around. In nature animals are about procreation. jail is another example. Alot of guys arent gay going in  , but being forced into living with only males for long periods of time is depressing and people will naturally look for any type of affection. gay sex over no sex is usually the choice. In the public I noticed most gay people have some form of history of sexual/relationship depression linked to their choice life style choice. I have heard way more people say they have had some type of bad experience or traumatic event than "I was born gay" 




Homosexual acts is not the same as homosexuality. How many animals are gay from birth to death, not merely participants in behavior. 




He isn't particularly well educated. But he is a Senator and could very well be President of the Philippines someday. 




Are there lesbian animal relations? I've only seen gay animals




Or Dolphins 




My male dog licks dog dick all the time, and even tries to hump the odd male dog in the face. He's not gay though... He just doesn't place a limit on his sexuality. 




He obviously hasn't read Biological Exuberance!




Yet tons of animals commit cannibalism as well. Doesn't mean we should.




she's gonna cry




My friend's dogs were brothers and they used to hump each other....




What is annoying about that argument is it is a logical fallacy.   

Even if No animals ever. EVER had anything but Female-Male relationships.  

It would still be irrelevant to the over all argument.  

I mean. It is nice to have this point, to point to. But in the end it neither proves nore disproves the argument.  

Seeing how nuetral my comment is. I should clarify that I am perfectly happy with marriage encompassing all kinds of definitions. Not just Human+Human. But also XHumans+YHumans.   

Holy shit.. I am bad at this. And to further clarify using X and Y have nothing to do with the Chomosomes. Just default, go to, Algebra stuff.




I always see this argument and it never makes sense. So the argument for why gay sex is natural is because beings of far less intelligence do it? 

I'm not against gays I just think it's an awful argument. 




Swans can be gay....

I cry every time I here this. :( 

I know I can't be the only one who does this. 




Great now I'm crying




Wow, bigot. Don't liken homosexuals to animals. /s but not really but really because it's all dumb




Humans do it all the time.




I think that's what he was trying to point out.




> Should we tell him about swans?

It's just the one swan actually.




Yea but it's not gay when animals do it. It's simply a power move.




The Shrimp




IIRC, dolphins rape other dolphins. I wouldn't be surprised if there's some homosexual rape as well.




It's hilarious how people see two animals of the same sex standing next to each other or acting in an manner that triggers anthropomorphic imagery, and assume those animals are gay. Are they fucking? If not, why can't they be just two bros hanging out. I have heard spiders will bang it out cause they're so horny they can't tell one sex from another so yeah, they're gay.




dont make him cry man




Dont tell him




Yes me and my dog.




Also, [Bonobos do this](http://www.nydailynews.com/news/world/national-geographic-photos-show-bonobos-love-sex-survive-article-1.1273287).




Gay swans makes wives cry
https://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/3txkhp/my_wife_cries_at_absolutely_anything_i_mean/?

Also Manny apparently doesn't know about rams "About 10% of rams (males) refuse to mate with ewes (females) but do readily mate with other rams."




Has he ever seen someone who owns to male dogs? 




Horses

Dogs

Pigs(kinda, they try)

Turtles(See pigs)






And geese. Oh man, reading Konrad Lorenz was great. Each spring the long term pair bonded geese would try to mount each other. The geese would just try to do their male thing to each other at the same time. Eventually breeding season would be over and they accomplished nothing. Then tried again next year. 




Not to mention Bonobos 




natural doesnt mean right. Im not against gay marriage or believe that homosexuality is a choice. But just because a dolphin does something doesnt mean its a healthy practice. Not that homosexuality is a unhealthy practice. But it will have consequences on family and sexuality in the US. Not saying bad consequences, just that change will take place.

hehehe




What is the point of this argument? Is he suggesting that humans emulate their behavior on that of animals because it is "natural." I've seen my dog eat his own shit and I am not too keen on the idea of doing that.




You feed beef burgers to swans.




It's an older reference but it checks out.

https://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/3txkhp/my_wife_cries_at_absolutely_anything_i_mean/




they have gay sex but you do not see animals having solely gay relations




How about bonobos? They're quite fond of "sword fights" from what I have heard.




Those arguments are stupid as fuck anyway, my dog has humped a pillow, apparently some dudes fuck the space between couch cushions, does that mean it's okay to marry a couch? Just stupid. I support gays because there's never been a logical reason to not support them. If someone could give me one real good reason to hate gays/restrict their rights maybe I'll change my mind, but barring that I just don't care.




I don't mention baboons and rats...folks may take that the wrong way.




Someone should tell him that humans are animals.




Hes just ignorant. the church is not helping either.  I feel bad for him.  He boxes, not a scholar 




It's just the one swan, actually.




I thought it was pretty common knowledge that this happens. Not only are his comments offensive but they're not even correct. 




Are any non-human animals truly gay or are they more pansexual?




Forget swans... don't ducks gay-rape each other to assert dominance?




And pigeons.

They mate for life. Can be same sex, they don't care. They don't judge.

Actually, my pet pigeon (who passed away recently) was married to a tennis ball. He would preen it just like it was a real bird. It was really adorable in a kinda sad way.




They usually do it for dominance, not procreation, and since certain primates and dolphins are essentially the only mammals that fuck for recreation, animals having gay sex and humans having gay sex having really nothing to do with each other, which ruins his argument, but also yours.




Now I'm crying




In a freshman college class we were learning basic Lexisnexis navigation and had to research a topic using it. My lab partner chose  homosexuality in primates. He was appearing to get frustrated pounding away at the keyboard so I peeked over to see his search terms. Some of them were 'gay apes' 'homo monkeys' 'gay chimps'. Good ol ASU.




I think people confuse a sexual action with an animal choosing a preference which is so fucking retarded. A dog humps my leg does that make him legosexual? You can't compare humans to animals because we are complex in where we subject ourselves to rules and morals. A dog on the other hand will just fuck whatever. Regardless of where the line in sexuality is drawn it needs to be drawn somewhere. 

We draw it at a certain age.
We draw it at beastiality.

So whats the big fucking deal if some people draw it at a person's sex?! 

If you're a sheep fucker or same sex fucker, it's all the same to me. You aren't born a certain way. You chose that way because maybe you prefer it. 

This whole attempt to make sexuality some big fucking civil rights move is such a waste of time, energy, and resources. It steals attention from more important issues like education, science, economy, energy and legitimate civil rights issues...

I remember all the stupid bitches in high school who think they're some Rosa Parks for their gay friend, I saw this shit coming. I don't give a fuck if fags wanna get married. 

Can we please move the fuck on?!

Maybe the real issue is we can't respect people who have differing social values/morals. That goes both ways gay community. If you're gay, go be gay. Don't bring it into my school to my child that hasn't even hit puberty yet and start bombarding her with sexuality bull shit.

Shame on Nike for choosing sides and making a political/social morality statement for us... 

Hey you see that sheep over there Nike?

Just Do It.




> Tons of animals do.

Well that's just, like, [a Ph.D. who wrote an extensively researched and referenced book about the subject 15 years ago](http://www.amazon.com/Biological-Exuberance-Homosexuality-Diversity-Stonewall/dp/031225377X)'s opinion, man.




The majority?




My first thought was that some animals do, in fact, have homosexual relationships. Pretty embarrassing to make that kind of comment and not even realize that. 




Even if that was true, why the fuck are we looking towards animals for moral guidance?




Or dogs?




You should, but his girlfriend may start crying. 




It's not gay if your on top! 




Or Dolphins, or dogs.




What about them




I'm not against same sex relationships but isn't there some truth to the idea that if anyone hates same sex marriage it's evolution not religion? I mean there are clearly plants and animals that procreate in a variety of ways, plants are still weird btw, but when it comes to mammals or animals it seems like Darwin would have something to say about that trait.




this should cover that: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EmyZoFChDOQ




Yeah. Animals also throw crap at each other and poop in public. I guess that automatically makes it okay for us to do that too.




Animals murder and rape the shit out of eachother also, doesn't make it right. Instead of trying to make sense out of senseless insults, can't we just tell him to shut up?




Manny will reply. 
"Ok ok, tell me about d swan is a gay.
 
D-swan? 

Or dat one?" 




>Should we tell him about swans? 

God dammit. Do you have to get me crying first thing in the morning?




Animals do all kinds of stupid things (like humans). Gays/lesbians can't reproduce - I see that as nature's way of saying "that shit ain't right". Sure it occurs, just like murder, but it isn't what nature intended.

Doesn't mean homosexuals should be considered any less human than the next guy, especially in civilized society.




Giraffes can be gay as well. 

Take that Manny! 




He actually came out as anti gay 3 years ago. Nike is only doing this now cause he is at the end of his career in boxing.

Great job Nike being progressive and accepting..I'm sure the thousands of child laborers are proud to work for such a company that pays them in dime. 




Business as usual. 




Or gambling millions away. Fwiw, there are many, many homosexuals in the Philippines and they are relatively accepted openly. It is definitely a different environment but they aren't as hated as you might expect from a "religious" standpoint.




Reminds me of Mark Jackson. Spoke openly against gay people when an NBA player announced he was gay, but he cheated on his wife with hookers. Lol. 




He loves cheating on his wife and gambling. If he was an American boxer, he would have never had the type of deals he had to begin with.




I was more exhausted waiting up to watch my pirated stream than either fighter was during the entire match.




I'd still root for Pacquiao. Mayweather is a scumbag at heart. Pacquiao actually helps the people of his country, but unfortunately his religion has instilled backwards views on homosexuality.




One of Pacquio's entourage cut me off when I was trying to get on an elevator at The Hotel in Vegas 10 years back.  99% sure he was blocking me from getting on Manny's elevator - probably a pretty rational thing for him to do but I've disliked Pacquio ever since. 




Well said.




I'm rooting for CTE.




Most people won't give a shit.




Because they're so tolerant and not full of hate like everyone else.




It's not the mayor's fault that the stadium collapsed!




Hahaha It's true tho. It's 2016 already and I understand he was taught those values so I don't blame him for it but you can't go around saying that. 




That was a real shit show. Boring af. It's like watching 2 grown ups play tag. 




There's no way. He'll become a huge favorite of conservative Christians. Think about it, he doesn't like gays and punches black people for a living. 




nah, not all of us care about gays

manny is right that it's unnatural + natural selection is supposed to weed those individuals out

hurray for modern medicine




I'm rooting for the withered old corpse of Muhammed Ali.




It's crazy how this puts him in same vein as Mayweather all of a sudden. Not too long ago, Manny preserves this image of being a down to Earth, humble, dude.




That's a hateful thing to be rooting for. 




Only the operatives on reddit. Most americans and most of the world doesn't give a shit about homosexuals. That's the truth. 

Reddit isn't the world. 




No. Definitely not. If a person's view on a single topic forces you to wish they would die, perhaps you're the one that's better off dead?




They aren't taking a moral high ground, it's a PR stunt. There is no money to be made for them from manny, because his career is almost finished. This was just an opportunity for them to grab some free PR points so they took it. Had they continued to endorse him, nothing negative would've happened to them. 99% of people probably didn't even know Nike sponsored manny. It was an opportunity and they took it.




He's a representative of their interests in america - they don't have political views, or moral views, they just don't care. It's just that the climate has changed enough that a publicity figure who makes anti-gay remarks is undesirable. Why people care about this (at least apparently nike HR believes they do) but not the sweat-shop laborers enough to just not buy their shoes is a bit strange. 

Companies aren't really moral actors, they are moral reactors. To the extent that they circumvent international labor laws and hide their behavior they should be stopped; to the extent that they provide the american consumer what they want by paying as little they can get away with is the moral responsibility of people wearing nike products.




Yeah but he only has 1 fight left this time before retiring so Nike decided to take the good PR 




Sadly, too many. But people are too busy torturing them or locking them in rabbit cages to care.




Come on...too easy.




And fighting over a belt like it was Black Friday. 




"I'm going to beat that man hard come fight night. When I come he will know what it is to feel my strength. He will fell my force throughout his body and succumb."




I mean, you have to realize that repeatedly punching a man in the face is not the same as sticking your dick up his ass.




If you're looking to corporations to take tough moral stances, good luck. This is a PR move by Nike, so why pretend it's anything else?




Was trying to figure out what it meant to goat-bang someone when I first read that.




Heavy petting zoo?




It's our ability to discriminate against gays that separates us from the lowly apes




Coming from immigrant parents from the Philippines, my fathers side of the family has a very backwards view of homosexuality. It is something I can describe as blind pride. The people of the Philippines have a skewed perception due to the heavy religious influences in the country. 




Manny isn't that way because of what he doesn't know,  he's that way because of what he was taught.




This guy is from the phillipines and never seen male dogs humping??




Yeah, Nike should really give them a raise.




Not this close to retirement.




And necros. Otters will kill another animal just to have a hump corpse. 




Beef castle sounds like a wild place.




Who are the *real* "animals"!




Yeah, Nike must hate this guy. And this is personal too, I'm sure they have plenty of gay child workers who were terribly hurt by his words. You go Nike!




Right, where am I supposed to buy my hate shoes now?




They don't agree with what they do, but I wouldn't say they don't like them, necessarily. Semantics, but still.

But I agree with your overall point. Who gives a fuck.




No people are just punishing that dangerous sentiment when it's expressed by influential people now in a way that still promotes free speech by using their own. 




*lots of the world 




I'm Christian and am not supportive of gay sex, but I like gay people same as any people. Do I not like gay people and not know it?




A lot of people don't like gays. Christians are just the only ones to say it out loud.




Manny said it wrong. That's my issue. 
I don't care if your gay. I love you regardless. Jesus would do the same If he was here today so why shouldn't i?
Believe me. I'm a big fan of Manny too.




It's not really "the media" dictating anything - it's a company deciding not to continue a business relationship with someone they don't want to be associated with...




This ONLY ever comes up as a defense when it's about the gays. 

If someone blatantly said "black people are worse than animals" NO ONE would even CONSIDER this devils advocate position. It would be immediate vilification. As it should also be with anti gay sentiment. 




The issue is him saying gays are animals.  If he just said  "hey I don't support gay marriage"  Nike wouldn't have cared as much 




There's an opinion - everyone knows that he was never pro-gay. It's another thing to say "homosexuals are lower than animals." With someone with that status, replace the world "homosexuals" with any other group and they WILL get offended and become defensive. You can't blame them.
Also, for a politician with a horrendous track record in the senate, making such an ignorant and closed-minded statement is simply not acceptable.
Free-speech goes two ways.




Why is it a problem for people to have a major problem with someone who has his views? As much as it's his right to say what he wants, it's equally valid that others have an strong opinion to him. Reddit just happens to be a site where a lot of people who disagree with him visit. Hardly shocking that the response is going to be what it is.

tl;dr He said something extreme (to some), others have an extreme view of him. 




>I don't really think it's right to vilify people just for having different opinions than you.

I understand your point, but I really think that it depends on the opinion. If I love bananas and you hate bananas I think that most people in a serious discussion would agree that neither of us have a superior opinion, they are just different. 

Now to increase it a bit more, if I think that raising the minimum wage is ridiculous for low-skill jobs (I don't think that) but you were to say that we absolutely need this raise for poor people just to survive, I think that most people would be willing to acknowledge that both sides have their pros and cons even if we lean one way or another, but this scenario will have more people unwilling to change their mind than in the banana situation.

Now we have Manny and his differing opinions. His opinion is that I, as a gay male, am less than him. He even believes that I, as a gay male, am less than animals. 

>to jump straight to hating someone over this is ridiculous

Obviously he doesn't support gay marriage which means that because he believes I am lesser than him, I don't deserve the same rights. And because of this, I feel 100% justified in hating him for that opinion. I feel that it is okay to hate somebody that would limit my life when it is no way affecting him. I feel that it is okay to hate somebody that would seek to harm me if he could and is actively lobbying on the point to do so.

>I don't like the whole idea of this mainstream media hivemind thing trying to dictate what opinions everyone should have because I can see it being easily abused.

Again, I understand your point, and I do agree with you on this one, I just don't think it's the case here. Nike dropped Manny (debatable reasons as the other more sport-informed commenters show) for these anti-gay comments. Now am I grateful that Nike would support the LGBT community in this regard? Absolutely. Do I think that Nike is willing to die on a mountain for the LGBT community? Absolutely not. And nor should they have to. They are a business and this decision was probably done because the bottom showed that this would either make them or save them some money and it just so happens to align with my own personal interests and beliefs.  




I love how your entire point is about needlessly hating people [for their opinions] .... in response to a very influential celebrity needlessly hating people [for their sexual orientation]. 






> I don't really think it's right to vilify people just for having different opinions than you.

He's not being vilified for having his opinion, he's being vilified for using his standing and popularity to spread that opinion. People are welcome to their views, that doesn't mean they get to be outspoken about them without consequence. 

Would you be saying the same thing if a presidential candidate said black people are animals? Or if an actor did an interview where they said Hitler actually had a good idea? 

Are you really arguing that we should embrace those who would spread an agenda of hate and violence? I would wager that were it you being called less than human you'd take issue with it. 




I'm pretty sure most people already knew that he as a christian was against gay marriage or union. But as a huge sports figure the things he says reflect on whatever company he is sponsored by. No one says he can't have those beliefs but he came out blatantly and compared gay people to animals. 




I have to disagree when said opinion is in the form of intolerance. 50 years ago your comment could've applied to black people. Do you think that was acceptable?    




Also I'm not asking sarcastically, I'm genuinely curious and intend to discuss it without resorting to name calling. 




He's free to have whatever opinion he wants.  I'm free to think he's an asshole.
 
Why on earth is this narrative so forcefully being pushed that people are entitled to be hateful and everyone else should be shackled and not allowed to voice opposition to it?  
 
Freedom of speech is not freedom from consequence.  




Disgusting opinions are disgusting, news at 11!

Seriously, if you hear someone espousing awful shit, would you want to associate with the company using him as a spokesperson?

Freedom of speech does not mean freedom from consequences, and this backlash is a stark reminder of the consequences.  Or as someone in his profession might say..

Talk shit.  Get hit (in the pocketbook).




>I don't really think it's right to vilify people just for having different opinions than you.

Agreed. It ought to be socially acceptable to dehumanize LGBT people. /s




>I don't really think it's right to vilify people just for having different opinions than you

Yes, how dare we criticize someone based on the content of their words and actions!

Also, 100% of the things Trump has said is completely fine too. I'm totes progressive though lol




I feel like everybody loves to utter the phrase "stand up for what you believe in" but then when someone does, with an opposing view, everybody loses their minds. 




[deleted]




Who, in your opinion, acted poorly here?  (besides pacquiao)


There is no hivemind.




Speech cuts both ways. He's free to say whatever he wants, and Nike is free to cut ties with him because he's a hateful bigot.




I thought he was a prick before he said any of this shit, but then again, I think that of most sportspeople. Fuck knows why anyone ever puts a microphone in front of them, that isn't their job, and they are almost always terrible at saying things.




He is a spokesman for their company, they have an image and campaigns to help the Lbgt Community. They have every right to fire an employee for public alt going against their company's goals. 




> I don't really think it's right to vilify people just for having different opinions than you.

But it's apparently ok to vilify people just for having different sexual orientation, right?




I agree




this is the first reasonable comment I've seen in this thread, i'll help you by slowing down the inevitable downvotes 




This is the only truly "right" comment I've seen in this thread thus far. Everyone is as entitled to their opinion as the next persons and just because they don't agree with majority culture doesn't mean they are wrong. 
I know Reddit loves Aristotle so I'll leave this here: "it is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it"




[deleted]




> I don't really think it's right to vilify people just for having different opinions than you.

The same could be said for Christians "vilifying people" who have different opinions on homosexuality.




 This goes beyond your typical "do as you please but it makes me uncomfortable." There are some very subtle implications being made here. Asking if animals have homosexual tendencies is not only woefully ignorant, but it implies that homosexuals are sub-human. He reaffirms this hatred by actively pursuing anti homosexual agendas within his own countries politics.

I don't need to be open-minded about a man with dangerously homophobic ideas. A man who uses religion to support these ideas yet has no qualms about cheating on his wife. A man who basically ignores his political duties unless he's pushing this agenda or trying to promote his own brand. He's an asshole.





So I'm not allowed to judge someone *based on the things they say*

Thats probablt for the best considering what Im thinking of you




You're about to get downvoted to hell for being reasonable, I'm gonna get it too just for saying this

Edit: Damn I'm a wizard 




But jumping straight to hating gay people because a magic sky fairy said that gay people will go to hell *is* warranted?




My thoughts exactly. Well said.




I can feel the angle you're coming from when you say it doesn't feel right with the media sensationalizing each and every regressive or downright ignorant comment made. People get mega triggered; careers are ended. But this isn't *just* the P.C. hive mind out for blood. Nike's decision is completely separate, and they took decisive action to disassociate with him by ending his contract. I'm curious how you'd have reacted if he'd said something like, Hispanics or Blacks or even the mentally disabled are worse than animals? Just a thought. I'm gay and my feelings aren't hurt, but that's why it's getting the reaction it is.




You aren't vilifying them, you are responding to them. That said, I find product boycotts over someone's views silly. People should always be free to speak their minds without others going after their income. It gives us an oppurtunit to criticize such thoughts, and that's sufficient. 






Just no. 

Gay rights is not an opinion. 

Or is the saying the holocaust was good, burn the jews just an opinion? Or Africans being chattel? Or molesting kids?

You clearly have not thought this through. 




Or people have evolved in 100 years and it is morally superior to tolerate gay people.




Yes, Floyd definitely needs to be brought up in this topic about Pacquiao that has nothing to do with Floyd.




I don't think you understand, may is pro gay and manny is anti gay. That's all that matters.




Yeah, but he doesn't like gays!!1! That bastard!




Yeah, fuck Floyd for wanting to celebrate a win.




Source? Because you'd think he'd go to the hospital for his shoulder... 




So what? Good things don't excuse bad ones. And homophobia in particular leads to an increase in homelessness. 




They are 7-9 years old, they don't have an opinion on gay marrage, except the foreman, he's 12, he might get written up.




Saying you don't like it? Fine.

Saying you think it's wrong? Kind of pushing it, but okay. 

Saying that *they're* wrong, or less than human, or there's something wrong with them, or otherwise implying that they are less worthy of the full rights and protections in society that anyone else is entitled to - now *that* is the problem.

Especially if you're a public figure or politician, especially an influential one. 

Then your opinion is actively harmful and threatening to the group you dislike.




If we're keeping score, Nike also ended their endorsements of Adrian Peterson and Ray Rice.




~~Does~~ Those  people don't buy Nike products, so its all good. 




If it makes you feel better, their friends who didn't get jobs at the nike factory are likely prostitutes.  They're kind of screwed either way.




>You know what else other animals do?

Take a dump in the middle of a park and not get arrested, hump random people leg, and not get arrested, piss on parked vehicles and not get arrested...lucky bastards, well gotta go to court now.




floyd mayweather actually supports gay marriage. Sure's hes cocky but he's not a bigot




TBF it's not even close, one is a hypocrite bigot, the other is a serial woman-basher. I feel ok supporting Pacquiao because he does and says immoral shit, but he isn't a criminal. Sort of how it's ok to listen to Kanye, but not Lostprophets.




Jesus dude. Did you even read the article or just the title? He was super civil about the whole thing and even said he would have done the same if he ran a western company.




Mayweather will comment on this topic soon... just as soon as he finds someone to read the story to him.




You must not know much about Manny's past.




Mayweather is a cocky jerk and Manny shared one opinion based on his core beliefs that doesn't align with the majority's view. Mayweather doesn't deserve to be categorized with Manny.




Manny gets white man's guilt leeway for being an asshole. He was a leader in the anti-reproductive health caucus in the Philippine congress. That is, when he actually finds time to attend a session.




Not just relatively uneducated and poor but he was literally homeless alone at 14 because his single mom couldn't afford to feed him and her other kids. A lot of the people who are upset seem to not understand how different the rest of the world is. That our western values aren't everywhere. Even here the anti homophobia is fairly new.

Pacquio despite having these views is listed in the top 40 most philanthropic people in asia. He's given hundreds of full scholarships and subsidized a lot of medical care. His existence in the world is a far greater net positive to the greater good than the people complaining about him.

As for Nike they don't care about his views. This is good PR and he is an old man who's retiring. The detractors don't watch or care about boxing and Pacquio being one of their guys opens up a whole country (he's probably their biggest star). 

Pacquio has apologized but I doubt he's learned a lesson greater than watch what you say to americans. The detractors will think they made a big difference and forget about Pacquio's existance in a week or so.

So at the end of it this whole thing is misguided. Nobody really learned anything or appreciates their limited perspective.




Nike doesn't want to do business with him, so what?

It's hilarious how many people are up in arms about this. As if they think the government should force Nike to work with people they don't want to of something.




He's running for senate, the country's crazy religious so gay people are heavily discriminated. It's not like he's some random dude who just hates homosexuals




I'm a Christian, and while I don't share this guy's hostile sentiment in the slightest, I do end up saying the gay sex is immoral if someone asks me. And yet what you talk about goes both ways. I've heard the same stupid arguments on both sides over and over. Ironically, both sides use the "animals are gay" thing which is completely irrelevant to the question, nevermind the factual error by Manny on the existence of gay animals.




I'm sure he'll cry himself to sleep on his piles of money tonight. 




no you can say anything, just fucking expect repercussions if you are going to start a hate speech




I love it. Every morning they wake up and the world has passed them by a little more, and all they can do is whine that "opposing views aren't tolerated anymore," and "what happened to freedom of speech?"

In other words, they now get called out for being bigots. All that privilege slowly burning away.




He can love or prefer whomever he likes. But companies not wanting to endorse him because he says cray shit seems pretty normal to me. Nothing to do with being sensitive, or with being an organ that gives all of humanity the ability to exist. 




Apparently you're very sensitive to other people being sensitive. 




Become a celebrity and see how that'll work out for you :)




Did he?




Straight as hell but I would let the president of Nike butt fuck me and air it on pay-per-view for a million dollars. 

^^^Mark, ^^^call ^^^me




Dude, not trying to be a douche but look at what he does for a living, if you really want to go deep, check out other great athletes.

Of course there're a lot of non-ignorant athletes but not being ignorant is not a plus in a sport when you have to punch other people, being smart is definitely needed but it's not the same as being ignorant.




He was a street kid in a third world country. He was poor even by "devastatingly poor people" standards. 




He's not just a boxer, he's also a congressman, so his opinions, unfortunately, have a little more impact.  I like that you just came right out and admitted how stupid you are, though.  Refreshingly direct.




> He's stating his beliefs based on his environment. 

So is everyone who ever said anything bad about anyone, or did anything terrible to other people. He gives a lot of money away, and that's good, but his personal life is a clusterfuck, he's a sub-par political representative who barely does his job, and much of his belief system is backwards. For the record, I'm not "against" him, I really don't care much, and wasn't ever "for" him in the first place either. He's a popular person in his home country, and his beliefs carry weight, and that's unfortunate for people who aren't straight is all.




He has a right to have his beliefs and we have a right to tell him to fuck off.




Even if he stated it differently, his comment would still be hateful. And the good things he does don't excuse the bad ones.




"All the good" meanig continually running for government positions and underperforming in every single aspect? Propagating homophobia? Encouraging an already uneducated population not to practice critical thinking? Not educating himself in matters of public concern, especially since he is a politician? Being a hypocritical moral police because he practices tax evasion, adultary, and womanizing? Manny Pacquiao is not an evil person - he is akin to Forrest Gump - but he has a wide influence and must be called out especially since he does not know any better in many issues.

If you think I'm being hyperbolic, please read/watch what he says in interviews, politics, and TV shows.




The thing is, Animals *do* have homosexual intercourse. So the only species to prohibit homosexuality is also the only species to make it to the moon.




Don't be fooled.  They know how to sell shoes and make a profit for shareholders.

Just pay no attention to the slaves making them.




The cynic in me thinks that Nike just used this as fortunate timing to get out of an unprofitable sponsorship. Now that the Mayweather fight is over and the rematch isn't happening, what high profile fights does Manny have left? He's way past his prime, so I think Nike just saw a good chance to exercise their 'morality clause' or whatever its equivalent is in the contract.




As weird as it sounds, you can tell the tide has shifted on an issue when a company with as good of market research as Nike has concluded that it makes sense to state that they are on a particular side of that issue. 




So in modern times child slave labour is okay but an anti-gay remark which literally doesn't hurt anybody and everyone dismiss as some crazy idiot is horrible?




I wish they'd have done this ages ago with Kobe though as he actually acted upon his poor thoughts, which is even worse. Then again like no one in basketball is squeaky clean so Nike would be fucked otherwise.




[deleted]




Onward, to the future!

Where anyone saying anything not politically correct has their career ruined by angry internet hate mobs who probably aren't even their customers or audience in the first place!




"Living in modern times" does not mean you have to agree with the majority option. He's as entitled to his opinion as you are.




> Good for Nike, glad they are living in modern times

Hey, [it only took them 4 years.](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2012/05/16/manny-pacquiao-gay-marriage-leviticus-examiner_n_1521747.html)




[Same with Adidas](http://www.refinery29.com/2016/02/103338/adidas-valentines-day-instagram). Love companies that are willing to stand up for something.




[deleted]




That is a silly question. Nike doesnt give a shit about the gays. They just want people to buy their shoes.




>Everyone is soo P.C now that they can't voice an unpopular opinion without catching heat

Haha wait so people should be allowed to voice their opinion without any repurcussions? Like if I called your mother a whore at the dinner table, no big deal right? Just my opinion




Believes homosexuality is a mental illness that can be cured.

"I've got nothing against gays everyone!". 

You lie like a rug.




Agreed, your opinion is the most logical, because it's true.  Every word you say....let us be prepared to get down-voted to oblivion.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_SoU4qzZlcw




Or the first amendment for that matter.




He said it in the Philippines though. 

Also who's free speech is being stopped? He said what he wanted and a publicly-traded company decided not to associate themselves with him. The government in no way stopped, hindered, or even acknowledged what he said, so at no point was free speech stopped. Do us a favor and learn how free speech works before you argue it's messed with in any way.




This *is* freedom of speech in action.

Freedom of speech means freedom from government limits on what you can express. It **does not** mean freedom from interpersonal consequences. It **does not** mean freedom from people criticizing you, or thinking you're an asshole, or not wanting to do business with you anymore.

Pacquiao expressed freely his views, and then Nike freely expressed their view to no longer be associated with him.




lmao  
Yet another redditeur thinking "free speech" means "no one is allowed to criticise me, ever!".




This comment has been overwritten by an open source script to protect this user&apos;s privacy. 

   If you would like to do the same, add the browser extension [GreaseMonkey](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/greasemonkey/) to Firefox and add [this open source script](https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/10380-reddit-overwrite).   

 Then simply click on your username on Reddit, go to the comments tab, and hit the new OVERWRITE button at the top.




Being straight isn't normal either. There isn't a standard when it comes to sexuality. When you have a spectrum, you can't just point your finger to a spot on that spectrum and call it "normal." All sexualities are equal, though not equally represented in society.

Consider the color spectrum. If you lived in a world where a majority of the color you saw was red (say 51%), does that make red more "normal" than any other color? It's completely trivial to refer to it as such.   




It's very normal. Homosexuality is seen all over the animal kingdom. 




I'd like one with a feather please. My head is of average size.




I'd like one with a feather please. My head is of average size.




You think devouring children is awesome? You think stating a personal opinion, even an offensive one,  is worse than using a barb to suture somebody's vagina shut after you've fucked them, to assure that nobody else can have sex with them? That's pretty fucked up, bro. 





They will be reassigned, not a big deal.




I dunno about your parts of Reddit, but Pacquiao's always been an unlikable douche, same with Rousy.

What happend with Jennifer Lawrence, though?




"It's not my opinion, it's *IN THE BIBLE*!" -evangelist 

"*rolls eyes*, you're taking the scripture too literally" -same evangelist 




Because Jesus overturned the Jewish laws.




This is the thing that drives me crazy. I'm all for people being religious and having faith. I respect that 100%. I just don't understand why people argue by picking and choosing what to apply to their lives. I just think if you're going to say look at what it says here then you are obligated to abide by everything else it says as well, otherwise you're purposefully or ignorantly abusing your religion for personal reasons. 




Opinions aren't everything-proof shields, if your opinion is fucking stupid then people will call you out.




deleted  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.4597  [^^^What ^^^is ^^^this?](https://pastebin.com/FcrFs94k/13402)




The fact that if you publicly say anything against gays you are vilified and possibly sued doesn't help many non gays feel more accepting.




Ah I only wish nobody gave a fuck about us fags. When the day comes I can hold a boyfriend's hand like any straight person can without risking harm to myself, I'll "get over it".




Why should I have to accept an apology? I'm talking in general terms now.

Reading your comment gives me an image of a scrawny youtube dude angrily repeating "it was just a prank!".

But seriously, why should people be able to say whatever the fuck they like to me, and then have the words "I apologize" trump all that?

I don't understand why you think it's on the insulted party now, who have a hard time letting go of being called "sub-human" by a guy **who meant it**, simply because the word "sorry" was uttered.






Comes down to simply dollars and cents. If nike feels less people will buy their product because their customers think nike supports  Manny's stance then they drop him.




Homophobes disgust me, not people putting homophobes in their place. 




Just because you're gay doesn't mean you're right. If you're comfortable with people saying that you're worse than animals, you're either stupid, a sociopath or self-hater.




We will not associate with him..... which is what they did.




How can you have progress if you allow thoughtcrime to exist? You aren't a reactionary, are you?




He has the freedom to have a differing opinion all he wants. And Nike has the freedom to not give him any money because of it.




He can say whatever backwards bullshit he wants. But he isn't immune from consequences. 




You're free to say whatever you want. You're not really free from consequences from a person or group of persons that don't agree with that position. 

It's kind of hilarious that you thought that you had some kind of checkmate, though.




Another threshold would be knowing when your opinion is bigoted, you have every right to voice that opinion just don't be surprised when people treat you like a bigot and your employer drops you quick sharp.




Why is it only okay in your viewpoint for Manny to give his opinion?

So now Nike isn't allowed to have a say in who gets their money now in your opinion? Thing is opinions are like assholes, and everyone has one. So your favored guy said something you don't mind him saying, that is your opinion. However, Nike has a different opinion, and would rather not give their money to someone they don't agree with.

It's a decision they made, just as it was a decision Manny made. We're all adults, and we all know there are consequences for everything we do. So go ahead, and spread your anti-nike hatred the consequences for Nike will be very minimal if you even manage to cause any damages at all.

Manny however, is going to receive quite a few damages. Cut off endorsements, and a fan base that is about to shrink. He's on his way out, and will likely follow the route of Hulk Hogan. 




Uh, that article basically says they still do, they just don't use child labor anymore. Whoo!




"Transparency doesn't change ongoing reports of abuses, still-low wages, or tragedies like the one in Bangladesh"

Did you even read the article?




Nike only became not okay with it because of the PR issue, not because it was the right thing to do. 

As a result, we reserve the right to bring it up at every possible opportunity. 





because he's a politician




Live and let live 2016, gotta learn from politicians, only say safe things if you are a public figure, doubly so if you are receiving money from people depending on you to always say the safe things.




nah, men are fine creatures. when they take care of themselves and have chiseled features and a fine physique they can be damn near irresistible to not want. I mean how can you not just want to look at someone like Zac Efron? 




Well, we're not women. Us straight men obviously put ourselves in that hypothetical place and go "well, I would just fuck other women, all day, everyday, and only hot blondes."

It's not the best argument..




This has nothing to do with free speech.




Sure you can. As long as you're willing to accept the consequences of your words and actions, you can say or do whatever you like.




He wasn't arrested. He wasn't barred from boxing. He wasn't fined by the people or the gov't.

He lost a contract from a private organization because his statements do not align with their current business model.

So yes, just like you learn as a child, you can say whatever you want but know that there are consequences to what you say.




Sorry? Where exactly in the first amendment does it state that corporations, businesses, ect must hand out free money to people that they feel do not represent their company the way they want?

The thing about the first amendment is you can say whatever you want, and you won't go to jail for it. However, if anyone else has an issue that is also protected by the first amendment... Say the company you work for. They can fire you using their own freedom of speech. Why is this so hard for people like you to understand?




> Nike doesn't respect 1st amendment rights? 

This is why the United States is going to shit.  Do you not understand a) how the Constitution works and b) that Nike is a corporation that has no obligation to endorse anybody?






His "first amendment rights" don't apply to this situation. However, insisting that Nike keep him on despite not wanting him representing them, almost *does* violate *their* first amendment rights to free association.

(but again, it doesn't - because it's not being done by a government.) 




The 1st amendment protects speech from retaliation by the US Government. A corporation can do whatever it wants. 




You can talk shit about whoever you like, just be ready to be called out for being a bigot.




> meanwhile he's actually trying to do great things for his country. Religious views shouldn't matter.

He's running for election on an anti-gay religious platform, so his religious views absolutely do matter.




[deleted]




>Have you seen any animal having male-to-male or female-to-female relations?" Pacquiao said on a Filipino television station earlier this week. "If you have male-to-male or female-to-female [relationships], then people are worse than animals."

The answer is yes. Go outside Manny, go outside.




There is a concerted effort to divide the population into squabbling factions, because a divided population is powerless.  Gay people (and other factions) are not the driving force behind this.




Not everyone "has to like it", but "not liking it" is different from *acting* (as Pacquiao did) to marginalize them and trying to make them seem *wrong* and *less* than other people, and therefore entitled to less legal and social protection. 

That goes tenfold if you're an influential figure (check) or a politician who could be using those views to inform policies that have a direct impact on gay people's lives (also check).

This is a lot more than just "he doesn't like them." 




There is no logic to the fact the other animals do it. I get you are trying to justify it as natural, which it is, but this argument doesn't make any sense when you really think about it.




We are not animals we are all made in god's image. It just happens that god gets intestinal worms, farts, belches, has diarrohea and pukes on occasion. Speaking of which how did adam and eve wipe their ass? The bible never explained that one.




>So what, he doesn't want to suck a dick?

That's not what he said. 




He has every right to speak his mind, just like we have a right to call him a moron and Nike has the right to end their partnership with him. Isn't free speech great?




haha yeah I thought the same too but I think its more because of what Manny said. He compared gay people to animals. From the perspective of a gay person/gay supporter I'd be offended too. 


He's been vocal about his stance on gay marriage for a long time. But this is the first time he's ever said something over the top about gay people. That's why its receiving a lot of attention here in America and the Philippines. 





You just want another man's dick so bad you have to pretend to be disgusted by it to hide your shame.

It's not abnormal. It happens in nature and it's not a choice. Science has researched this.  Have you finished your GED yet? Once you do, you should take biology.




Good to know the homophobes will walk without shoes now.




Did they take it out of context? No? So it's not manufactured. 

That smallest of minorities translates into a lot of revenue for Nike. 

In the majority of what? In the Philippines? Yeah probably. In America? Not anymore. Manny was meant to increase sales in America. Any rise in the Philippines was a bonus. 

Companies like Nike probably don't care to lose the small Philippines market as opposed to even a small part of one of the world's leading consumer economies. 




Have there ever been any laws disadvantaging straight people? Because that's still the case for LGBT people. 




I have never heard of straight people being denied the opportunity to marry someone they care about?




Won't someone think of the poor disadvantaged straight people???




Fuck me, this whole time I thought the meaning of life was 42, little did I know with all this free will, I was meant to make babies in people.




By this logic any action that doesn't lead to a baby is a defect. Driving? Defect. Stoping of a person says they don't want sex? Defect. Huh anything other than a south park style fuck pile is just wasted life. Rapists should be released for being the only ones out there doing what needs to be done. The idea that because you can reproduce means you should is why we have idiots out breeding everyone else. I would say that just because Lemmy busts his load he isn't any further in life than a gay man bumping wieners. 




You calling them "the gays" indicates a whole lot.




Why would you argue for a world that forced companies to retain spokesmen that say things contrary to their values and negative for their image. 




[removed]




something something freedom of speech... something something liberal agenda....




He can have any opinions he likes. Nike can pay him or not. I can say what I like about his opinions. 




Im conservative, and even I think that tweeting "gays are worse than animals" is pretty fucking stupid




A politician and spokesman speaking out in a way that undermines the full humanity of a population and facilitates their marginalization, and thus opens them to further and specific oppression is not really just "him having his opinion." 

Also, if his morals and values damage or threaten people for no good reason ("just his opinion")... Why, exactly, should that be quietly tolerated? 




Only if your religion peaches hate.




"Respect him for being himself"... Yeah. Why? Why would you want to encourage people to be bigots when they're bigots, or asshats when they're asshats?




Wow, you think all christians are idiots?  What he said not only wasn't christian, it didn't even make sense.  There is homosexual behavior throughout the animal kingdom. 




> different than the general public


Or specifically, people with power.




Is there something wrong with that, or not wanting to be associated with goons like him?




It has nothing to do with what he thinks, and more to do with what he says. And if someone has a platform and influence, what they say influences what other people think, and thus do.

And that is cause for being concerned with what other people *do*.




And it's almost like a company can then choose that they don't want that person representing their brand.




[deleted]




yeah but like with any other athlete, he has boatloads of public influence. So if you think we don't have grounds to criticize his beliefs youre sorely mistaken good sir

I obviously like all of the other charity work he does but you just flatout aren't a good person if youre that intolerant of particular group of people




Get on TV and tell the country you don't like black people.

See how long you last with your employer. 




Do you know what else isn't going to make the world a better place? Believing that gays are sub-human animals. It makes perfect sense to me that Nike doesn't want to endorse someone with discriminatory views, companies aren't obliged to stand up for their sponsor's hateful opinions. No one's saying Paqcuiao isn't allowed to have his opinions, Nike just doesn't want to pay to endorse someone who publicly expresses hateful comments.




Just like Manny's religious beliefs. 

Nike cut their endorsement. They shouldn't have to endorse someone who says stupid shit like that. 




Or a business saving face.  




Ah, right. I must have misunderstood the part where he called gays worse than animals and mentioned nothing about marriage.




He is also a politician in the Philippines. 




What is cowardly or bullying about dropping his ass? 




It's discrimination




He's entitled to his opinions, not sponsorships




Jesus Christ. Just because you have an OPINION doesn't mean you can say it in public and suffer no CONSEQUENCES. 




Which makes you a piece of shit too. 'Grats.




[removed]




1st amendment is to keep the Government from suppressing your freedom of speech, businesses can limit your freedom of speech any way they want.




Serious answer: The first amendment protects your freedom of speech from the law. You can't be punished legally for sharing your opinion. As far as a job is concerned there can be repercussions. And especially if you are being paid to be the face of brand. This is even really a job, it's an endorsement deal. If people don't like you there is not reason for a company to pay you to endorse their product.




**Congress** shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances.




I'll be curious to hear your opinion of the US after the village idiots here elect Trump 




Latin America??? Pacquiao is Filipino?? 




I've only seen straight animals fucking a few times. Where do you live where there is so much live gay animal porn?




Or just, you know, don't refer to gays as animals. I know. It's such a hard thing to do. 




This is how it starts, with interracial marriage. 

- you in the 1950s




Are you attempting poetry? Your sentences seem incomplete.




Yes, being angry at a guy who said animals don't have gay sex (which isn't true) and that that makes gay people worse than animals is just silly. Get real. 

You can say whatever you want, but there are consequences for every action. 

Edit: spelling




I'm always amused by the fact that you guys are MUCH bigger weeping, sensitive pussies than the people you complain about. You are *absolutely* allowed to have your own views about anything you want. You are *not* entitled to immunity from the consequences of expressing bigoted, ignorant views. Get over it. Nobody would feign indignation if someone lost an endorsement deal for saying that black people were like animals.




So Nike saying "you're an asshole go away" should be all good as well.




No one taped his mouth shut, he has an opinion, so does Nike.




Nike is concerned with their public image. Manny was concerned with gay marriage. When Manny offends a bunch of people, Nike can make a decision that he is now a liability. Nike could hate gay people, but they follow the laws of money, and having an offensive endorsee is breaking a money law.




Christians are overrated.




>If you are a true Christian who believe in every word of the bible

Well, there's your mistake. Generally, Christians do not pay attention to every line in the bible. It would be very hard for them to do that in fact. Lots of the OT, including parts of Leviticus, are completely ignored. 

Now, there are arguments they can make why they can ignore OT, and I don't see any need to tell them that they can't. That's not my egg that they're sucking. But, once you start ignoring parts then the argument that you have to believe in every word floats right out of the window. It then becomes not so much a matter of "it's in the bible, so I have to believe it," but rather "it's in the bible and I agree with it, but I'll blame the bible."

So, I blame him, not the book.




I must have missed the part when the government punished him for his speech.




[deleted]




I think they are Cambodian. 




It may have been the comparing them to animals bit that got to them. 




It was the calling them animals that pushed it over the line. 




He ain't sufferin




Mike Tyson was a great fighter, and also a rapist, so yes you can indeed ridicule and hate a person for their actions regardless of their talents.  




I dunno. You think he's an idiot, right? Right?

Well, an idiot isn't necessarily cognitive of the association between 'people' and 'individuals'

If he's never met a gay person, the degree of separation is pretty strong. It's kind of like when you (I'm guessing) might claim to care about the fact that there are children starving in africa. 

When you don't. You might put forward a quarter, you might even talk about it to friends, but if you haven't personally flown out to africa and been filled with alarm at the sight of a starving child, the degree of separation is far enough that you're not likely to -actually- give nearly as much of a shit as you'd like people to think. 

In other words, it's likely the same for him. He's probably not interacted with any gay people before, and as a result saying something like "The bible says they're sinning, so I think they're subhuman!" doesn't seem like much of a big deal at all. 

Then, when people, real live individual people, actually reach out to him and say awful things to him? When he tangibly loses his contract? It suddenly becomes very evident that these aren't just 'people', these are individuals. Much like if a starving african child actually showed up at your doorstep, you'd feel nothing short of obligated to feed him, and if after his meal he then asked "Why didn't you donate more than a quarter to me when I was in Africa!?" you'd just sort of have to sit there and blubber, or explain that you didn't know how bad it was, or admit to yourself that it simply wasn't real to you because you hadn't seen it in person. 

Same thing with him, I imagine. Until people showed up at his door and started expressing upset, it really wasn't real to him. 




Don't some breeds of penguin marry? Not in the verbal and precise manner that we do, but don't they exchange stones and pretty much only pork each other and it's a recognized social contract in their penguin community that these two penguins are together? 

Also, I think eating our young is an interesting idea. A modest proposal you've got, there. Definitely worth consideration, given the overt population issues we've got today. 




He doesn't think all humans are worse than animals though, just gay people. To him it's humans, animals, then gay people and that is kinda bad. 




it's not very Christian to call someone an animal 




What an interesting comment considering in Western society the majority (or so it seems) holds the view that anal sex with a woman is the paramount sexual experience. However when it's two men that's when anal sex becomes this disgusting sex act... Most don't care what Bob and Jen do in the bedroom but God forbid Bob and Jack do it and everyone loses their minds. Also let's not forget two women aren't disgusting when they have sex, it's yet another sexual feat to most... something to be praised.  Gay men though, again, that's where we draw the line. 




Not the ruler, congressman. Those 20 guys around him are literally just his friends. They just like hanging out. Some of those guys are body guards and people he does business with too.




I can expect unbigoted views from a congressman.




A guy is using religion as an exciuse to excuse his homophobe. Does he follow everything else in the bible? I'm guessing not. 





"Homosexuals are less than animals because Nike make low quality products". That's some outstanding logic buddy!




Not calling gay people "worse than animals" is just having basic respect for your fellow man. It's not exactly an exclusively radical SJW idea.




Yea and Nike has full rights to cut off ties with him. So the dude who just lost millions for not keeping his opinions to himself might be the imbecile here.




Why are you so mad?




He is valuable while is image is valuable, once he diminishes his image, his value goes down. He did something that brought his image down in the public eye, therefore it was more cost efficient to cut ties with him.




But others might, it is not always about you. 




You're being downvoted because Manny said it as part of his political campaign in the Philippines. Oh which he is a citizen. Exactly how has his 1st amendment right been abused? 




You no write very good. 




Shocking that a company doesn't seek the endorsement of someone who could hurt them more than help them. 




Manny Pacquiao is allowed to have his own opinions and voice them.  Nike is also allowed to *not* do business with him.




He broadcast his views on his Twitter channel. Not like we're sneaking up to his living room and listening to his private conversations. You put your views out in a public channel, you live with the consequences.

But you're right, the world would be a better place if people minded their own business. Maybe Manny should stop trying to tell two consenting adults what they can and can't do in the privacy of their own bedroom.




Yeah, everyone should hate people who can't help the way they were born. Thanks for helping me see the liberal agenda! 




They will surely go bankrupt. 




'Sticking to your beliefs' is not an inherently good thing. If you stubbornly stick to your beliefs in the face of better arguments and evidence then you're a fool, it's not a positive trait. Manny gave a half ass apology and then posted a quote about gays being put to death on Instagram. This from an evangelical who does not follow 'thou shalt not commit adultery'. He's an idiot. 




No. Probably not. Unless you think we look proudly on opponents of interracial marriage. 




Poor nazis, they just slipped out




Er, if you have ever been to the philippines you would realize homosexuality isn't treated as an abomination.  Arguably the biggest male star in the philippines was dating a famous male basketball player.  Gay culture abounds.  Manny picked up his dumb idea from US imported evangelical ideals.  Jesus, i thought everyone knew about homosexual animal behavior.  Thanks for exporting ignorance, america!

Edit sp




But then he posted on Instagram the biblical quote about gays being put to death. 




"Worse than animals". 




...You refer to yourself as 'a gay?' That's something. I've never once thought of referring to myself as 'a black,' even though I, too, am a member of a minority group. 




>Nike discriminating against someone for their opinions.  Okay.  How about discriminating against him for punching people in the face for a living?

Or stop selling Jordan's because of the violence that they create in the black community? 

Nike is full of shit. That's why I wear Adidas.




Companies are also entitled to freedom of speech, and can choose not to endorse someone whose values do not line up with their own.

Freedom of speech =/= freedom from consequences.




Manny is free to say whatever idiotic shit he wants, and Nike is free to remove their endorsement as a result. What is hard to understand about that.




You are allowed to say whatever you would like, but that doesn't stop people from telling you that you're wrong or stop someone from associating themselves with you.




Yeah he can say whatever he wants and Nike can drop anyone they want. Doesn't matter if Nike isn't one person. If the higher ups at Nike want to cut ties they will. Everyone in the company doesn't have a say. You know that.




First off, his example is stupid, as any person who has ever observed animals can tell you.  Homosexual behavior is not uncommon in animals.

It's fine for manny to believe whatever he wants, and it's fine for nike to endorse people that don't offend any possible demographic that they want to sell overpriced clothes to.  If you have beliefs you have to be prepared to pay for them.  Some people float through life, some get killed or assaulted.  Manny lost an endorsement.  Boo hoo.  Gay people have more expendable income on average, they're an important demographic in businesses like clothing and travel.  Don't expect you can publicly espouse any view you want and never have any consequences.  Beliefs at with no price aren't really tested.  Obviously manny's weren't either because he backed down at the thought of losing all that sweet nike money.

Edit sp




Mike Tyson is down with the gays. He hangs out with his buddy Marcus all the time. Also Pigeon, lets not even get started on the $hit Pigeon is into. 




Apologies for the TMZ link but http://www.tmz.com/2016/02/16/floyd-mayweather-responds-to-pacquiao-stop-trashing-gay-people/




He's also a rapist. Between those two I guess I'd have to take the bigot.




Also a convicted rapist. 




He's a rapist.




That quote was from his manager.




Isn't that the quote from his agent?




Hating gay people is the "enlightened Christianity"??!

I don't want to know what the unenlightened Christians think...




"But to people in the United States, his words can only be viewed as hate speech."    

It is hate speech.  Likening gay people to animals will give some people justification to treat gay people like animals.




That's why i think this whole outrage thing is pretty stupid. Pacquiao isnt an american or european. In asia there isnt a big pro-gay community that the western world has. This is pretty normal talk for that region, so i dont see the point of getting outraged over an asian man not agreeing with western ideals, especially considering that he's a politician. Politicians say things that represent their constiuent's beliefs, which is exactly what Pacquiao does




"Enlightened" my ass.




I just got back from the Philippines like 10 hours ago, and it was all over the news there. They were to happy about it either. 




the classic "not apology", apology.




Now if only Nike would drop their endorsement with their underpaid Filipino sweatshops employees. 




Man, I wish my fellow Filipinos would get with the times already and be more tolerant of others...




This passes for enlightened? Is that like Christian Scientist?




Eh. He basically stood by what he said, just regrets saying it publicly because of the backlash. I guarantee you he still thinks what he said is true. 




Apologies are pure bullshit by public figures, particularly him. He is a die-hard Christian conservative who lives and breathes this kind of hate. People forget that he isn't just a sports hero in the Philippines, but also a major political figure who will undoubtedly run for President someday, so he spews this kind of crap around all the time, it's just that he was caught this time. 




As someone from Asia, I don't think that Manny was being unreasonable or bigoted here. I know it's going to be very difficult for Westerners to wrap their head around this, but the homosexuality debate is really just so much less prevalent in Southeast Asian countries, at least based on my personal observations. 

Here, there is a distinct lack of a vocal, deeply religious "I hate gays!" camp, and on the other hand, the supporters tend to be much more conservative and restrained about this issue. There is no significant oppression/hate, and therefore there is no significant resistance. I find that the population is split right down the middle on this issue and people share their ideas and change camps much more freely than you would expect. 

While the LGBT movement has gained significant traction in the West and people there/Redditors like to behave as if we've already found the **correct** answer to this controversial and complex issue, it has to be said that over here we are much more agnostic and hold much more nuanced stances towards this issue, so to speak. You get to hear opinions like "prosecuting homosexuals is wrong, but still we should try not to celebrate or act like we encourage homosexuality." If a celebrity here comes out as gay, you are likely to hear neither cheer nor vitriol. Homophobes are not necessarily seen as malicious bigots, and the pro-homosexuality do not behave as if they are an enlightened people.




It's odd that Filipino's would be so anti-gay.  When I went there I had ladyboys tugging on my arm every 2 seconds asking for boom-boom.  I guess they're open to it as long as .... hmm




You mean Nike, not ESPN?




He's not a "homophobic bigot", it's just not his in his culture or his values. Name-calling is childish and solves nothing. And it, honestly, needs to stop.

EDIT: Entire races/religions are homophobic. Let's pick a name out of the hat... Muslims.. Oh this is a good one. Muslims have some pretty messed up beliefs, you'd be appalled if you ever cared to research. They are also "homohpobic bigots". But you wouldn't call THEM that... That'd be "racist" or "islamaphobic" (or whatever they say). That is because it is their culture and their beliefs, just like it's Manny's culture and beliefs.
Does being homophobic make all Muslims bad people?
Because your logic suggests that.. You were strongly suggesting that Manny is a bad person, were you not?
So by your own logic, you're a racist bigot.




whoa, you can be sponsored by ESPN?!




you're talking about ~~Peyton Manning~~ Manny right?




> homophobic bigot

Woah, calm down there buddy. You have to understand the type of upbringing Manny had that would lead him to have such beliefs. The guy grew up poorer than you could possibly imagine, with essentially no formal education to speak of. His father walked out and Manny basically took care of his family himself by selling shit on the streets. Can you imagine having to be the man of the house at fourteen with no formal education? That's the world Manny had to live in. The only thing that helped him get through this time was his faith, which being from a rural part of the Philippines, was a little "old fashioned." Those homophobic views were drilled into his head since he was a boy and he had no education to counter it. Then he got into boxing and that was that. Manny isn't the saint he's portrayed as but he's not a bad dude. He's donated millions to charity and works tirelessly within his community to fight the poverty that he's all too familiar with.






>Manny has always been a homophobic bigot.

What has he done to be labeled as such? If simply expressing your dissent towards something makes you a bigot and homophobe then the standard is pretty low.




He's done more good in this world than you could ever hope to accomplish. 




Why do yoi think he's afraid of gays?




Yep. Filipino here. He's doing damage control atm. I doubt he's really apologetic.




What if I told you that everyone is entitled to their own opinion, and that voicing an opinion tou dont agree with doesnt make them an asshole?




*Consequences of expressing views that would have a negative impact on public perception of the company that pays you to wear their logo. 




?Having a net worth of almost $200 million dollars being an icon in your own country, and a politician who will probably get reelected after making remarks that probably most of his heavily Catholic countrymen agree with, is being an asshole who will face consequences?    
I mean, losing his Nike deal is $1 million a year, it's not like he's going to be hurting any.    


   






Why can't I hate you?  Why does all speech need to be politicized?

Maybe you like Naruto.  Some of the straight nerdiest fucking ETs in the Navy were anime nerds.  Why can't I hate them, and you, for liking Naruto?

Why can't you hate me for going to the range with my retired gunner's mate buddy and firing off 30 round magazines in his MP5 for an hour?

[I Endorse Hate Speech - Patrice O'Neal](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RZcmFeIyZNo)

Why can't I hate you?




The consequences of not capitulating to the gay agenda is to be denied the right to earn money?  Man, reddit has got a major hard-on for far left social conditioning.  Maybe we should stop allowing these people to buy goods, be on public grounds, vote, obtain driver's licenses, etc. as well.




Starwipe is owned by The Onion, but they're more snarky than silly.




[It's part of the Onion](http://www.esquire.com/entertainment/movies/news/a38094/what-is-starwipe/).




Exactly, otherwise they'd cancelled his contract years ago. His stance on homosexuality is not new. 




I recently read a really interesting article on the ethics of clothing manufacture that I wish I could be bothered to dig up a link for.  

But the tl;dr was:  
Western clothing companies pay pennies per garment and no matter how carefully they audit their suppliers, they know that when they pay those prices poor people get screwed.  




I mean. If this was the first comment, sure. But comparing this to child labor.... not much of a follow up there, buddy.




Nike, Nike treat employees just like slaaaves




if its non-living than how do they show up to work everyday?




People are just used to saying that shit since the 90s.  Nobody is using child labour on purpose anymore.




Nice reply Nike




Theyd be cooler if they brought back jobs to America




[removed]




"as of late"
Or 
"lately"

Choose one.





> controlling the entire labor and resource stream is extremely difficult

I know, right?  Wal-Mart really had to fight hard to do this in their American stores.  Like, they had to fight really, really hard.




Ah, yes. The old "why do you know that?" counter.

I heard a similar argument once. I once heard someone called a pedophile for knowing that some countries have an age of consent of 14, because "only a pedophile would know something like that."






Oh jesus christ




A retort:

"I only know so much about this shit because I keep hearing that bullshit argument from ignorant jackasses!" 




I made this argument once before, then I found out about the swans. Tears. 




No wonder cats hate her. 




Is that why cats hate her?




I don't get the joke help me




[deleted]




Shit, I learned about Bonobos regularly having gay sex in a college course. I'd like to hear someone call me disgusting for remembering something from college.




Maybe your mom can get you into a program to treat your gay beastiality fetish




Pretends to know the answer to an argument. 

Is suspicious of you when you know the answer.




this comment and your username makes me suspicious >. >




I regret to announce that we have decided to end our contract with your mom, effective immediately.




Don't worry, she'll almost certainly die before you do and then you won't have to put up with her anymore :)




Tell her you heard about it from someone's wife crying over finding out swans can be gay.




My mom made the same argument and I was disgusted when I found out the swan I was fucking was gay.




My standard reply in this situation is a simple "I know everything." It won't make you any friends but it gets the point across and usually ends the conversation.




Even if her argument was true, it's not a good one anyway because non-human animals do all sorts of things that would be deemed immoral to humans (e.g., rape, infanticide, cannibalism).




How dare you know about male dolphins having sex with another male dolphin's penis sheath for fun.




Someone made your argument to me and suddenly I was the disgusting one for pointing out that rape is also common.




why is your mom thinking about animal on animal relations? her hubby dont measure up?




The basic principles behind why believe homosexuality is permissible is flawed. These principles being, because they're two consenting adults who love each other but then the question arises where do we draw the line? 

Does this mean incest should be allowed as well? The people involved in this act, do love each other and are two consenting adults. Does that mean it's ok for a mother to be with her son or a father with his daughter? 

Another question I pose to you is, how do we judge between right and wrong? Is it merely based on our whims and desires or is it based on something else entirely? 






[deleted]




Wait until he finds out what ducks do to each other. 




Do you ever spell your name wrong when logging in?




[deleted]




I knew I'd find you again. I only have one question for you, but I think you know what it is.




Helluva deepthroat




I imagine gay giraffes tug on a lot of cockles.




You sold me queer giraffes!




I think it might be from colorblindness, but that picture is really fucking with my eyes. Something something gay joke.




The interesting part: From the wiki:

 Bagemihl adds, however, that this is "necessarily an account of human interpretations of these phenomena".[7] Simon LeVay introduced the further caveat that "[a]lthough homosexual behavior is very common in the animal world, it seems to be very uncommon that individual animals have a long-lasting predisposition to engage in such behavior to the exclusion of heterosexual activities. Thus, a homosexual orientation, if one can speak of such thing in animals, seems to be a rarity."[8] One species in which exclusive homosexual orientation occurs, however, is that of domesticated sheep (Ovis aries).[9][10] "About 10% of rams (males) refuse to mate with ewes (females) but do readily mate with other rams.




In his defense, he barely knows how to read and I'm quite sure he doesn't know how to use a computer.




Hard to do when you can't read.




Humans know they're about to fuck a member of their same gender, other animals don't have the brain capacity to make that distinction besides following their instinct to reproduce as much as possible before it gets killed. 




Really have we proven any mammals to be exclusively heterosexual?




and fabulous!




They can be gay.




I don't think most of those acts are mutually consented. Maybe that's the difference?




Hehehehehe... POLEcats... 




Yeah, google it. He's been very vocal about his bible-thumping, gay-hating, anti-contraception views for a while now.




Nike is not stupid. They realized that canning him will get more/better PR than just keeping him for one more fight. This is getting them in the news as being the good guys and outweighs Pac Man rocking a logo for one more fight. It's all about numbers and they know what they are doing. 




you're right, they aren't hated in the philippines. Christians who strongly oppose same sex marriage just keep to themselves and just avoid those who happen to be gay. I think its because Filipinos just aren't as outspoken as Americans. They tend to keep their feelings to themselves because of years and years of oppression and corrupt government. I would say that they are almost "scared" to speak out because they feel nothing will get done anyway. I know this because I am a filipino, born and raised. 




Yeah aren't there some homosexual or otherwise very effeminate male hosts on The Filipino Channel (TFC)?  




I'd like to believe you but I doubt it considering the context of Manny's quote.

He was running for office and said those comments to pander to the voters.  My guess is he said them thinking that many people over there would agree and like him more.  With that being the case, the environment doesn't seem to good over there.




Or Steve Harvey talking about how atheists have no moral compass as he proceeded to cheat on his wife. 




What about Floyd doesn't he hit his girl?





That undercard though




People wanted a fight. They got a boxing match.  If anyone had ever seen any of Money Mayweather's boxing matches beforehand, they would have known it wasn't going to be a brawl. 




He doesn't even attend congressional sessions. He may give away money to his province, but he is a disservice to the country and he has the gall to run for Senate after his dismal record in the lower house. 




> Mayweather is a scumbag at heart

Based on your extensive time spent with floyd I'm sure. Floyd does splenty of charity work, but of course, reddit ignores anything positive about the man. And the religious excuse is fucking nonsense. I guess you're fine with his infidelity too?




The province under his constituency (Saranggani) has among the [highest poverty rate in the country.](http://www.businessmirror.com.ph/poorest-town-posts-84-8-poverty-incidence-rate-psa-survey-shows/) His wife is also the Vice Governor of that province. And like what the others said, he only attended congressional sessions 4 times last year. 




LOL really? Manny is not a damn saint. I;m from the Philippines and the damn country treats him like a god. Yes, he does a lot of charity work but he's far from perfect. He parties just as much as Floyd but its not made known to the mass public in the Philippines because he's the damn national hero. Well... was the national hero. Now that he's nearing the end of his boxing career, you'll start to hear more about the real Manny Pacquiao.





implying anyone would pay to watch that shit after the borefest that was last fight.




The sad thing about the Philippines is that before the spaniards colonized and christianized them, homosexuals and other androgynous gender benders actually had a special role in pre-Hispanic society. The "Babaylan" was a shamanic figure and spiritual teacher of children. So we can blame the Spanish instilling such backward views on gender. 




How is mayweather a scumbag? 




Religious people are lower than animals.

Edit: ~~sorry if I've offended anyone~~ please don't fire me, nike.




> Pacquiao actually helps the people of his country, but unfortunately his religion has instilled backwards views on homosexuality.

Maybe it's his religion that inspires him to serve the needy.




Id be rooting for floyd because I appreciate the skills.
Both boxers help others its just that pacquiao's actions are closely guided because of his political career.

Both have bad backgrounds, pacquiao just got marketed as the good guy and floyd chose to be the bad guy with his boxing persona because it helps sell tickets. He literally said that in an inteview early in his career.




Lol Christianity has backwards views on homosexuality sure, but say that about Islam which has even worse views about homosexuality and your suddenly this islamaphobic bigot hillbilly. Liberals are such Hypocrites 




He even admitted he's not that great of a person and the fight shouldn't have been viewed as good vs evil. Though I must admit, he is the lesser of two evils.




Lol. Twenty five years ago, those views weren't "backwards."

How quickly we jump to crucify people that don't get with the program as quickly as we want them to, eh?




Views that are different from mine.*




LOL really? Manny is not a damn saint. I;m from the Philippines and the damn country treats him like a god. Yes, he does a lot of charity work but he's far from perfect. He parties just as much as Floyd but its not made known to the mass public in the Philippines because he's the damn national hero. Well... was the national hero. Now that he's nearing the end of his boxing career, you'll start to hear more about the real Manny Pacquiao.





It's sad that the religion gets blamed for the awful opinions and actions carried out by people who believe in that religion. There are tons of christians who believe that homesexuality is fine. And some denominations that even allow gay church leaders. It's the radical believers that should be blamed. Just like people who shoot other people. Don't blame the gun. Blame the person. 




I think people forget the Philippines is a devout catholic country. Religion plays a big role and everyone looks up to him. He's a hero out there and is representative of that nation 




The guy is an idiot and is a horrible symbol for a politician. The guy has zero merit. 




Hahahaha no. Pacquiao is a dick. He may say that he fights for the country but he has evaded taxes. His attendance in the congress is only 4, and is the worst performance of all... and he takes his salary!

He says he fights for his country, why can't he fight in the Olympics (Serious question, NBA players can why can't he?) ? Manny loves money.




The Ls would stack up on you. I know because Mayweather said he'd beat Manny 100 times out of 100 and every time he's predicted a win for himself, he's been right. Every time.




You poor thing




He's still alive. Just so you know.




[If you live in the past, maybe.](http://www.pewforum.org/2015/07/29/graphics-slideshow-changing-attitudes-on-gay-marriage/)




Torture them? I'M OFFENDED. We just eat them, for *God's* sake.




To win a purse 




But it might be considered fore play.




Right, take back your iPhone/Android/Windows Phone whatever... Or really any of your electronic devices.  Pretty much any major sneaker or apparel brand.  In fact, unless your products are made in North America, you might want to consider ridding yourself of all items.  Nike doesn't manufacture, they hire manufacturers.  Just like Adidas and the lot of them.




I love how you say its a PR move as though its some damnation.  Shit, he was hired as a PR move.  Nobody's trying to trick anybody here.




Headbutting's most lewd interpretation. 




It's probably pretty baaaaad. 




greatest of all time bang?




Except that the biggest celebrity in the Philippines besides Manny is a **flaming** gay dude. 




You nailed it with "Blind Pride" Filipinos are for some reason proud of their country. Like wtf, have you looked outside your window? Geez.




I hate being this guy, but actually you coud argue that if he knew more about biology and the animal kingdom he would have never brought this argument up. Would he say gays are still going to hell? Probably, but his pocket of ignorance just got a little smaller. 




I was brought up pretty conservative/christian in Mexico, which is REALLY conservative as it is. I was taught the same but by 13-14 years old I was like wait hold up what the fuck???




He's 37. Pretty sure he's old enough to know better if he was open-minded enough.




Pretty sure they already have booster seats




I wonder what would be considered worse.  Nike paying the kids nearly nothing to build shoes, or Nike not being there at all.  




And double their smoke breaks!




"hump corpse." 

I hope that's a band. 




Thats fucking metal.




I guess he was trying to get with the otterside




It is all you can eat, horrible, life ruining reality.




I was raised in a conservative baptist church. I was 15 in the pew when the pastor said gays have no place in the church. I work with Christian homophobes at both my jobs, I've known too many to count. Yes they do hate gays. I don't know why people are trying to soften the influence the religious have on persecution of gays. No one has that kind of amnesia.  




> not supportive of gay sex

Gay sex.. gay.. sex.. so basically, you're not supportive of sex? 

So, like, sex between two gay people, or the way they have sex?

Because if it's the latter, news flash: straight people do anal too, same with cunnilingus.

Tl;dr- straight people perform all the same sex acts that gay people perform.

Now, if you're simply referring to the same sex.. well, having sex, then you're indeed a bigot attempting to use sex as a guise to hide your bigotry. 




They have a duty towards their religion. I don't blame them




Because the Bible says clearly that it is a sin. 




[Relevant XKCD](https://xkcd.com/1357/)




Right... like, what? Of *course* it's right to vilify people for having different opinions. It's right when those opinions are fucked up and sexist/racist/homophobic/whatever. This idea that everyone's opinion is valid just because it's different is bullshit. If that were true, anybody could say anything about anybody and get away with it with no consequences, which should obviously not be the case. Pacquiao said some fucked up shit and people are calling him out on it. This is completely warranted




Youre right. The logical consequense to making anti gay speech is that gay people won't like you. His stance has nothing to do with his ability to sell shoes, though. 




Standing up for your own beliefs is really only a virtuous thing if you already hold virtuous beliefs.




Klansmen stand up for what they believe. You're free to say what you want, but you're not free from consequences you might suffer from other free individuals.

Going against the grain is only admirable to someone who thinks you're right.  




"What's good is good, if it's good for me" - Everyone ever




I'm progressive, I think what he said is ignorant.  He's speaking as if gay people are not natural, which I would argue is more hateful than thinking he's a moron.  I'm not sure you know what "hate" means.  It reminds me of religious people telling others they're being intolerant by not letting them discriminate 




without progressives, we'd still have slavery, no women voting, religious laws, and basically everything wrong with society the last time there was no progressive thought. that period was known as the "dark ages". sometimes to get awareness to injustice and actually get anything *done* about it, you have to raise a little bit of hell.




That's how they build their businesses.  Step on someone else to get to higher ground.




You don't understand. It's the current year. He's not allowed to think bad thoughts like that anymore.




"Hurr durr, hating the hateful is exactly the same as hating people for no reason."




> Everyone is as entitled to their opinion as the next persons and just because they don't agree with majority culture doesn't mean they are wrong.

Entitled to it, sure. Not free from being judged for it. If I say "girls who dress like sluts deserve what they get", I can't be hauled off to prison for it, but it also doesn't mean you as an individual have to treat me as though I had never said it. Just as you have freedom to express that opinion, I have the freedom to call your opinion abhorrent. 




No you don't.  In fact, the law is you can have whatever views you want.  And you should!
 
There's also no law that says you're free from the consequences of those views and actions.  That's the bitch of being an adult :(




I believe 100% in gay rights but I'm also not so thick headed to believe that there won't always be people that disagree with it, and to somehow compare this to the Holocaust and molesting children is a bit extreme. There's a bit of a difference between disagreement and maliciously acting out upon it. In my opinion it's you that have not quite thought their comment through. 





No, Einarr is right, it is about the money, Nike couldn't care less about social issues, or they would not employ kids, endorse adulterers, or make over priced products that low income families have to work 2 months to afford or steal to acquire. 




hey guys, i found someone who worked for TMZ.




Oh? He fed the homeless with his bare hands?!?!?! Ok, so I guess he is totally 100% free to spew hateful crap without any consequences whatsoever.

Oh, wait... he *IS* free to spew hateful crap, regardless. But everyone is also free to see him as a cunt, innit?

> Bu.. but... he feeds the homeless...

*shaking my head*




I don't think OP is saying that the good things excuse the bad ones. He is saying that the intense vilification of Manny over just these remarks is unjustified. There is still a lot of good he has done. The good far outweighs the bad. And we should remember that before we vilify people who don't share 100% of our opinions.




Homophobia has been shown to cause increased homelessness? Source?




He's Pro Gay Marriage, and Pro Domestic Violence.





People who call others bigots are most likely bigots themselves.

Intolerance isn't just practiced by one side.




If Mayweather's partners were male I doubt people would hate him so much.

Edit: he beat women.. maybe that wasn't clear.




Yeah but he can't read though. 




Pacquiao is also a: serial gambler, serial cheater, and horrible politician. 




[deleted]




Funny you mention Jesus.  




Core beliefs can be changed with simple logic and intelligence.




He apologized for saying gays are animals. He didn't apologize for anything else.




Well said. At the end of the day, Pacquiao said what he believes even though he probably knows he would be publicly prosecuted for it. I can respect that even if I disagree with his views. We cannot force our values onto others, especially someone with completely different background and culture




"Our western values aren't everywhere." Truth. But he's making Western money. No one is saying to stone the guy, but there are poor homeless kids who don't grow up saying gays are "worse than animals". He's free to do it, of course, but having endorsement deals taken away for it isn't unfair. He is paid to wear their logo and represent them. 




Philanthropy? In his own time, maybe. But he is in public office as a Congressman and is running for Senate.  
If you look at his track record as a public servant, [he only attended 4 times during the 2014 Congressional sessions](http://newsinfo.inquirer.net/664331/pacquiao-ledesma-top-absentees-in-house-in-2014). Moreover, his home province and constituency (Saranggani) is among the [poorest provinces in the country.](http://www.businessmirror.com.ph/poorest-town-posts-84-8-poverty-incidence-rate-psa-survey-shows/). Worse, his wife is the current [Vice Governor of Saranggani.](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jinkee_Pacquiao)   
His philanthropy has only affected a small number compared to the damage he does due to his incompetency as a politician and public servant. 




this is the most accurate comment in the whole thread.




Thank you for contributing to the conversion without trying to start an argument.




well, thank you.

I appreciate your candor.

you must be a hit at social gatherings.




Ahh, you're one of those that want to take jobs away from CHILDREN!




Pretty sure neither are okay




He isn't crazy religious. He bangs every chick he meets, gambles away most his money, did tax evasions, and was almost excommunicated so he changed religions. It is a façade to get people to like him more, because he is a major douche.




Nike did what they wanted to do




I think we all know the answer to this one. Reddit is just too politically correct to understand.




so you would force companies to keep spokesmen that say things contrary to their values against their will because...




He lost a sponsorship, that is hardly career ruining.  He has the right to say and think what he wants, but so do Nike.  His freedom does not include freedom from any and all criticism.  Also, there are plenty of people, companies and media outlets that are very successful without being PC.




Love it when people defend blatant bigotry with "wah I have to be politically correct!" No you don't, but don't expect multimillion dollars to come to you when you're a dick. Career ruined. HahahaahahahH. Please. 




So now we don't even draw the line at actual hate speech?




such democracy   
much opinion   
very freedom




It has been that way for a while




This, but unironically.




Who said it has anything to do with majority or minority, it is about right and wrong




Maybe one day they will stand up for the people working in sweatshops making their products.




Right now, somewhere in their ivory towers, Adidas and Nike execs are rubbing their palms together saying "The PR... its working..." Man its really ironic how "progressive values" are like a trend now and you can just appeal strongly enough in one direction to cover up any other questionable shit you've done.




The companies don't actually care, they just want their name in the news to get more sales.




Someone has never been to Austin.




I've done that. It's not so bad.




Well nothing says modern times like Cowboy Bars!!!




Hence they arent living in modern times

And what is there to accept?  People are homosexuals whether you accept it or not




[deleted]




eating your own vomit is normal in the animal kingdom and so is killing your own young


I mean, I understand your argument, but it doesn't really help




What defines normal? I am pretty sure the fact that something exist in the animal kingdom doesn't = normal.




killing and eating your prey raw is also normal in the animal kingdom. 
i don't think that is normal for humans to do to each other unless I've been doing it wrong..




I dunno, homosexuality implies these animals are in gay relationships, when its really just males raping other males.




She was being a bitch at the golden globes to a reporter reading questions off his phone because english was his second language and reddit hated her for that https://www.google.com/?gws_rd=ssl#q=jennifer+lawrence+insults+reporter.  Also Pacquiao has always been liked because he does a lot of community service work for his country. I haven't seen anything bad about Paquiao ever make the front page.  The whole Paquiao vs Mayweather fight was painted as good vs evil. People loved Rousy too until she lost.




I tell you the truth, until heaven and earth disappear, not even the smallest detail of God's law will disappear until its purpose is achieved.

-Literally Jesus




Yeah I know that Asia is fiercely anti homosexual with out too many religious reasons. 




I'm straight and I don't have that problem.  Maybe you should avoid bringing up the fact that someone is gay when you critique them so that way it's less obvious that you're a hate-filled bigot. 




How often are people really attacked these days for holding hands of the same sex?   Your argument loses a lot of credibility when you dramatize reality with fiction.  




Thank you. 




Of course not. For him, the gay agenda is far more important than children's rights and ending child exploitation. 

If a neo-nazi says that gays are cool, he'll be posting links to how hitler was not so bad afterall...




>politician

Say no more.




Of course it does its his opinion that it's worse than animals having sex. 




I find it disgusting & fickle... It said that people can't express their beliefs (ones that defy popular opinion) & popular people that express an opinion , gets punished by mob mentality. It's disgusting.




Good thing I don't have a pot to piss in then




Doesn't he know that swans can be gay? (Grabs tissue.)




I mean, it's not surprising. He and his family are incredibly traditional Christians due to the whole influx of missionaries sent to the Philippines over the last century or two.




I'm not making an argument. He specifically called it 'unnatural'. I was correcting that. 




I'm not making an argument. He specifically called it 'unnatural'. I was correcting that. 




Leafs. They wiped their ass with leafs.

::drops mic::




Saying that everyone against homosexuality is secretly homosexual does not do homosexuals any favors. 




Oh my bad, are you triggered?




I am not a alligator, if someone said they don't like alligators then I would say, hmm he does not like alligators.  I would not try to seek out and destroy the man for his dislike of alligators.  The groupthink on reddit is truly vile, and disgusting. 

Then again, go on thinking everyone that does not agree with you is a homophobe. 





On second thought, don't fuck me, that would be counterproductive both here and biologically.




Driving leads to job which leads to money which leads to food which leads to survival which leads to better chances of finding a mate and reproducing. We don't fight like beasts anymore. We are beyond that; we fight with our minds. If you seriously can't see that.. Sorry lol I pity the fool 




I did say this is a little different. I have no problem with what happened here really. Im saying in life in general. If someone flicks Ya off you don't need to freak out every single time. But there are times to stand up for yourself. Take it with a grain of salt. No need to apply it to every single extreme situation you can think of. Im just saying in general we are way to over sensitive. I mean there is silent Saturday's now in kids baseball for fuckssakes. 




Christianity preaches love the sinner, hate the sin. 




Encourage?  I wasn't encouraging anything or anyone you misquoting asshat.  




Yeah because they have a right to their opinion just like him




Thats real Christian of you. Keep on keeping on, your Lord and savior would be proud.




One thing that will make the world a better place is to understand some people suck and hate others. Confronting these people with even more hatred is the same as fighting fire with fire. 

Plus, doesn't Nike own a ton of sweat shops? They aren't exactly the most progressive company in the world. And yeah, they have every right to not endorse somebody for what they say. Nike's morality isn't at question here.
What I am criticizing us people who are mad at his beliefs. 

Aren't we the ones who are supposed to be tolerant of others? 





Ok, do Filipino people care about what he said about gay people? 




Because they are cowardly for dropping him before they have received no pressure for sponsoring him. That probably doesn't help the company image. "Nike - Just give up before the first challenge"

And if they are doing it to punish him I disagree, they sponsor him, they don't own him.




Right. He can say that all he wants while in this country and he would never be arrested. In Western Europe however they might get him for a hate crime.




I see what you're saying but isn't the government also supposed to make sure your rights aren't being violated by a 3rd party, in this case a business? 




Well that's the thing. Your votes actually matter here in the U.S. In the Philippines, on the other hand, you can win an election by simply being rich.




true. but he's very popular in S. America. 




[deleted]




Nope, just pointing out accepted bigotry and non-acceptable bigotry.





Yeah actually that's absolutely fair, it's just become a "hate on Pacquiao" snowball effect.




I'm talking about the people, everyone says we want free speech but when we hear people say something we don't agree with we usually get mad. We might not agree with what he said but he has the right to say it.




> Im sure *some* of you will understand what I am saying

Im quoting myself because you obviously forgot to wear your safety helmet. When did I say that Nike should keep him even though he said those things? 




I don't think he meant to call them animals. He intended to call it unnatural because he believed that animals in nature didn't practice homosexuality.




Wether he's suffering or not is not the point. This is as ridiculous as Michael phelps losing his endorsements over smoking some pot





Comparing rape to a view on homosexuality is apparently now on the same level.




I am in no way endorsing his comments. I just like how the headline has nothing to do with what he said. It's as if he was dropped only for being anti-gay




[removed]




It was interesting to watch the documentaries HBO did on him.

He has so many people that leach onto him.

He owned a basketball team that he played on!










It's not an excuse in the way your using it, it's his actual reason. And so what? If he wants to say homophobic things, that's his right. Obviously it's also Nikes right not to support him.

Regardless, the Reddit hate train has taken off which ad hominem attacks and irrelevant disparagement about his character because he chose to share an opinion. Again, who cares, I watch him for the boxing and couldn't care less about what he has to say but yet everyone here things everything has to be dependent.




Yet, you'd take issue with Nike cutting ties with someone for being gay or atheist.




Because he's 19 years old and he's, like, so super smart, sheeple.




Because of obtuse morons like yourself.




Eh, they seem to get away with child slave labor easily enough, I don't know that this hurts them so much either way. It's not like he'd be bringing them in a lot of cash these days. Probably the excuse they were looking for to cut him loose.




Definitely! I was mostly referring to people in the comments shitting on him for being a terrible person. Him making one comment that many people disagree with doesn't negate all the good he's done for his home country. 




I completely understand where you're coming from. However, he isn't pressing his beliefs on anyone by putting them on his twitter. I don't believe in what Trump or Hillary says so I won't vote for them. Someone doesn't like what Manny says, don't support him. It still doesn't negate all the things that he's done for those around him.




Never disagreed with any of this nor did I say it was always inherently good. I'm sure many have poorly apologized, no need to group everyone. He offended people over media and apologized the same, not sure why more would be needed. 




It's Leviticus something: something

Fun fact Ian McSwaggins (forgot how to spell his last name and I'm too lazy to google it) still rips it out of bibles in hotel rooms. True story




[deleted]




[deleted]




[deleted]




God i really** need to watch his animated show...




[deleted]




I bet he'll get a kick out of the responses once someone reads them back to him




Was gonna say, I didn't know Manny spoke in third person




His manager is a classy guy. 




*they* sure want you to know, though.




They would use one of many time tested methods of slowly torturing and murdering you. The stake? Stones? Crucifixion...?

True Christians would accept gay people and same sex lifestyles because they truly believe God will judge you at the pearly gates, not lowly men.

He also states you should treat everyone as if they were your brother or sister. Feed them, shelter them, cloth them.

Speaking as if you knew what God wanted, or would say, is pure blasphemy. Judgments are left for God.

I'm sternly non-religious, but I admire the believers who embody the type of God that pushes you to be a truly compassionate and charitable human being. It's sad these people are the exception and not the rule.




Filipino cultural norms arent as progressive as other Western nations, alongside the prevalence of family > self and religion > self, which isnt surprising given the statement.

Sure LGBT rights are progressing down here, but there's still the large negative peer pressure from family, friends, and similar if you "come out". It isnt as bad as it was 5-10 years ago, but it can still be bad. I mean, anyone remember that one video here on Reddit of a guy in USA coming out to his family and his family outright disowning him on the spot? Think of how *large* and interconnected Asian families can get, and imagine that.

Religion is a huge-ass deal down here, being one of the few bastions of Christianity in a region dominated by Islam (greater South East Asia region), and is constantly pushed by the clergy and culture. This combined with a sense of being in a second- or third-rate country run by corrupt officials and rampant poverty leads to people driving towards religion or vice to find answers to daily struggles.

Just a reality of life down here. His statements would not be out of place down here, but certainly out of place in the West.




Well yea, religions aren't really the most progressive unless you start to ignore parts of it.




They don't HATE gay people. They hate the act of homosexuality. You can disagree with people's behavior without hating them as a person... that's why you don't understand....




They realized murdering people for putting their pee-pee in the 'wrong' consenting adult was bad PR.




Mostly that there's an invisible man in the sky helping find car keys.




I don't know how you managed to get "hates gay people" out of that whole paragraph. Its paraphrases mixed with personal opinions that create confusion. 




Who said hate? Because I don't see that anywhere




I'd just like to clear some stuff up. I identify as an "Enlightened Christian" and in accordance with my beliefs, and my God. I don't hate anyone or any group of people. In fact, the exact opposite is true. We are called to love one another, as Christ loved us.

Edit: Let me apologize, on behalf of Enlightened Christians. I'm sorry for any person, or organization (church) that has ever discriminated against you, or projected hate on you. That's not who we are.




Numbers 31:17-18King James Version (KJV)

17 Now therefore kill every male among the little ones, and kill every woman that hath known man by lying with him.

18 But all the women children, that have not known a man by lying with him, keep alive for yourselves.


Basically, it's ok to murder a "woman child's" family and practice paedophillia. Just make sure someone hasn't fucked her first.





We don't hate gay people. Might as well not be Christian if you hate anyone. The law above all else is to love God and others regardless of anything at all. We just don't agree with that lifestyle because God says it is not right. I'm probably going to get down voted now...




He doesn't hate gays, he hates the idea of Same-Sex Marriage as its against his beliefs. Mind you, there are guys from the LGBT community that works for Manny and his businesses.




[deleted]




He didn't call for their execution or anything, he just doesn't understand or isn't accepting of their lifestyle. 

I know a lot of gay people that are completely unaccepting of his haircut.

I wouldn't qualify either as hate speech.





It's Philipino Christians, they are like mexicans, kinda dumb upstairs.

So we cannot, as intelligent cosmopolitan Americans, hold these dumb asses to the same standards as civilized people.




the hypocrisy of "progressive" liberals condescending cultural differences . . how progressive 




He apologized because he realized hate speech was not enlightened christianity. That's why in his apology he wrote that he loved everyone and that was sorry. You can love your neighbors and still be against same sex marriage. Just like you can love your neighbors even if they like country music.




Where did he say he hated gay people? He just doesn't believe in gay marriage. Believe it or not, there is a huge population of the world that doesn't feel marriage between a man and a woman is legit. Just because you disagree with them, doesn't mean they shouldn't be allowed to voice how they feel. 




Well I mean, we are all animals. So he's not technically wrong.




but that's not he's saying, he's not saying gay people are like animals. he's using animals as an example of "appealing to nature". if anything, his argument is that gay people are UNLIKE animals. 




I know people who love animals more than people




Right. In the US. There's an entire conversation here surrounding cultural relativism that my university anthropology professor would love to have. 

I certainly don't agree with the statement in any way, but I understand the argument being made by him and his people. 




I don't agree with him, but why is it hate speech? People can have any kind of harsh opinion they want. Legally, you're allowed to be part of the KKK or neo-nazi groups, it's part of your freedom of speech. 

It is his opinion. If he thinks homosexuality is uncivilized and inhumane then he is allowed to. 

Edit 3: okay, I'm not going to be polite about this. This whole political correctness shit is stupid. The reality is, stop likening an opinion to hate speech. This isn't hate speech. Manny isn't advocating for the murder of gays. As long as you aren't promoting violence towards a demographic it isn't legally considered hate speech. It's an opinion you don't like. 

Edit 2: not sure where everyone is getting the idea that I said Nike is wrong. I never said they are wrong for what they are doing. They have every right to. I'm just saying just because you don't like someone else's brutal opinion and you think it's hateful doesn't make your opinion any more right. If he thinks homosexuality is inhumane he isn't any more wrong or right than you are. He didn't say "gays are animals", he said the trait isn't advantageous to humans and is an animalistic trait. Very different things. 

Edit: a lot of you fail to realize that there is a strong anti-gay community. Many of You are living next door to people who are against gay rights. They simply view it as wrong.  I don't think they have a problem with the people, but rather the idea, if that makes sense. We cannot simply censor people's opinions because we don't like them, as long as he isn't promoting violence he isn't doing anything illegal. You can judge him in the court of public opinion, and disagree with him, but censoring opinions and trying to create a hive mind isn't any better. Some people aren't as tolerant and liberal as reddit folks. Some people think minorities are bad, or that gays are evil. And you know what? They're allowed to, and if we judge them for their opinions, we're no better than them.






You have to understand, it's really just not that offensive here in the Philippines. As an American, it's stark and horrific, but to the people here they're like "Yeah? And? Of course they are." It didn't incite anybody to anything. There was a Presidential candidate who used the *exact* same rhetoric here not even two weeks ago and I saw nothing but people agreeing with it if they mentioned it at all, which was rarely. Nobody was even mentioning the Pacquio statement until they pulled his endorsement.

It fucking sucks, but it's reality. That's why I know at least two-dozen people who in the States would have flown out of the closet with a sequined feather boa on, but resign themselves here to just pretending to be straight. It's depressing, but again, that's just how it is here. 




*Less than* animals. 




But each society has different tolerance of hate speech. Most americans would be ok likening pedos to animals, but that doesn't mean its not hate speech.





Did you guys even read what he said?




... I might not even be mad about that. Have you seen the life of luxury some dogs and cats lead? 




God didn't give men vagina's now did he?




Bullshit. I'm all for people being gay, but don't twist the mans words and say he was likening gay people to animals. GTFO lol you know good and well what he meant

Bring on the downvotes plz :)




Hate speech is designed to engender aggression against a group. This doesn't really sound like hate speech.




On the other hand, everyone on this planet says 'we're only animals' when justifying having sex with everyone they can. 




Actually he's likening straight people to animals.

He's quite literally saying"Straight people are ok because they behave like animals. Gay people are not because they don't".

That he's referencing science that he's made up in his mind and is actually completely and utterly wrong, just reinforces the stupidity of that comment.




How? Who does he appear to hate?

> I still stand on my belief that I'm against same sex marriage because of what the Bible says, but I'm not condemning LGBT. I love you all with the love of the Lord. God Bless you all and I'm praying for you.

Sounds like the opposite of hate. He doesn't agree with their lifestyle, but he still loves them. If I do not agree with your opinion, or if my religion does not approve of your ways, is that hate? Hardly.




It's not hate speech.

It's just speech.

That being said, it's entirely up to Nike who they sponsor, and I agree with not sponsoring here.  That's my opinion.




Wait, you mean it's not actually justified to do so? Oops.




Where did he compare them to animals? He said no animals do it. That's the exact opposite of comparing them to animals. 






> Likening gay people to animals will give some people justification to treat gay people like animals.

That's literally the opposite of what he's doing.




Whoa, whoa, whoa. Not hate speech. At all. That's how the guy views it and it could have been said better. If someone were to read those comments from him and that was all they needed to treat a gay person like an animal (as if we're supposed to be treating animals poorly), they've got something wrong with them. For "hate speech", see Westboro Baptist.




While I strongly disagree with what he's saying, I wouldn't call it hate speech. For it to be hate speech he would have to directly incite people to commit crimes. Something like "kill all gay people". If you're going to call something hate speech based on all possible interpretations, then anything could be hate speech.




Is funny how people use this"say" treat them like animals, so what about the animals? Why they Can be treated as humans pleases? fuck you humans




It's not hate speech - hate speech has the intent to cause violence, harm, or some other action against people.   Expressing an opinion even one as backwards as the one we are talking about isn't hate speech.  Manny is free to believe what he wishes and is free to talk about how he feels wherever he likes.

However he was signed as a public figure that represents Nike and how he carries himself in public needs to reflect positively on them otherwise they will terminate the relationship.   Nike knowing it's customer base would be offended by the remarks publically distanced them from him...  which I 100% guarantee is within their contractual rights to do so (haven't seen the contract personally however it's pretty boiler plate standard to have such a clause).

Don't change the meaning of words / terms - especially ones that have immense weight behind them.




Yea but you guys are forgetting hes trying to be a politician there. So i see it more as him pandering to his voting audience and not that he really feels that way.




not american but in one thread people are saying free speech yadda yadda then in another thread a person opinion and voicing it is hate speech and should burn in a fire for it. I never understand.




An old friend of mine said it was "unnatural", I told him to look up swans. He had no response.  




No it's more of like "My god who is the most important thing ever says that your life style will result in going to the most torturous place for all of eternity and we don't want that to happen to you so stop doing what you are doing because we care about your well-being for all of eternity."




That's not at all what a hate speech is. He was asked a question and gave his opinion on the matter, which he is free to do. Even if it's completely asinine thing to say. 




thats fine, he can just find *asian* sponsors.




Even if he's the spokesman and role model for a Western apparel company advertising to Western audiences?




As someone who has traveled Asia extensively, there is absolutely large pro guy communities in the the Philippines and every other SE Asian country I've been to.




Equal rights are not a 'western ideal'.




You could apply this same logic to ISIS, but we reasonably have plenty of reason to hate ISIS.

What the fuck are you even thinking?




Just because everyone else is hateful, doesn't give you a reason to be. There's a reason why we still prosecute Nazi war criminals. Mind you; I realize the Nazis are about a billion times worse, but the point is that we don't give them the excuse that everyone else was a big meanie fathead, too.




He doesn't get a pass for being a bigot just because he's talking to a bigoted audience. He could have avoided the subject. 




If we let every culture keep their corners of hate then we'd still have a hate pie between us.

I feel like I was going for inspirational, but it took a weird turn.




Doesn't mean we have to put up with it. 




What If there was a "culture" that cut their own children's ears, sacrificed the first child in a pitfire, and raped people based on their color of their skin.

Couldn't there be a general consensus that this hypotetical "culture" is wrong? Without saying "well from the west perspective, yeah! But..." as a reasoning of why "maybe it is ok".

Comparing homosexual couples to animals is wrong everywhere. If a "culture" says it is OK to do so, that "culture" is wrong.

I feel people give "culture" too much leeway to impose itself on things it shouldn't.




Though in the Philippines gays, or transvestites?, seem to be celebrated. I mean they have their beauty pageants and all. Just kinda weird that some people are against gay marriage but its okay to have some entertainment from gays.




I think the crazy part, is that there are metric shit tons of transgender filipinos as well as dudes who love cross dressing over there.  My company has an offshore Manilla branch and they always have fashion shows, in which all the dudes cross dress (they send us their photo albums lol).   Being trans and cross dressing are widely accepted, but somehow being gay isn't.  This shit baffles me.




He has a right to his opinion. Nike has a right to stop giving him money.




Wouldn't matter to me even if he was American. I like watching him fight, I could give two shits about his personal views on homosexuality.




This just isn't true at all. South East Asia and especially the Philippines has a huge gay community.




I got news for you, it's pretty damn normal talk in a lot of communities in western society too.  




Then let him find an Asian corporate sponsor. 




I live in The Philippines, and a LOT of people are pissed off. we have a HUGE LGBTQ community here. A lot of politicians have also expressed their support for same-sex marriage. Please don't go assuming that The Philippines is someone barren wasteland for gay acceptance simply because we're a predominantly Catholic nation. 




What I find stupider is that Pacquiao is from the Philippines where there are dozens of gay pop celebrities and they are beloved.  The whole country is practically Christian/Catholic save for the Muslims that are the second large religion.  Yet they turn a blind eye when the gays are entertaining them.  Otherwise, they're going to hell.  Bunch of fuckin hypocrites I tell you.




doesn't matter, he does a lot of $$$ in the west, especially in NA when it comes to ppv.

lets a company like samsung, which is based in korea has an anti-gay or racist ad thats only in korea.  you don't think people from america would be outraged by it?




Ironically there are a lot of gay people in the Philippines. 

Edit: not trying to be offensive, I have family from there lol 




How is it stupid that Nike doesn't wan't him representing them? It's not any less backwards and regressive of him to say those things just because many of is constituents believe it. 




There's plenty of evidence that the rate of homosexuality is consistent across countries and cultures, and not influenced by such factors as whether politicians say it's OK.  Being in a country where it's unpopular to protect the civil rights of this segment of its citizens, it's even *more* important for celebrities like him to lend their support to the cause.

The American South has had a long history of racial segregation, but that doesn't mean we shouldn't be outraged by it.  Civil rights weren't *northern ideals* in the Jim Crow era, and they're not "western ideals" today.

Pacquiao is merely echoing what his most vocal and hateful constituents believe, not what all of his constituents believe.  Someday, they will have a politician who promotes equality for all.  It may be in 50 years when all the old people who (think they) hate LGBT people die off and the "word on the street" is no longer anti-LGBT, or it may be in 1 year when there's a politician with integrity and respect who is not merely a parrot.

In Asia there isn't a big pro-gay community *because* celebrities like this jerk insult them at every turn.




And Nike and the people responding with anger are saying things that represent their personal beliefs and those of their customers. I don't really care if being anti-gay is fine in his country.




As a Filipino living here tbh I don't give two shits about this guy. This asshole, who's only profession was being good at boxing decided to run as a senator even though he wasn't qualified, and used the masses a.k.a. the sheeple to get him on top. Nothing but a man so full of himself thinking he can run a part of this country with boxing as his only knowledge. smh




He's free to believe what he wants, but he should be aware that as a public figure, what he says will bear weight and will not just be attached to him. As a business, Nike had to sever ties or else they risk alienating their customer base through their association with him.




I respectfully disagree.

Do you think that somehow things will magically change for the better on their own?

Do you think that we should condone the mistreatment of others in other cultures because it's "culturally appropriate"? If so, do you accept that it was once culturally appropriate in America and other western countries also, and that objection to that mistreatment shifted the culture along?

Do you believe that it's fair to stick up for others, and fair to correct errors?

I confess that I find your position very confusing.




>This is pretty normal talk for that region

no it isn't. he's getting flak not just from nike but from the locals. 




> In asia there isnt a big pro-gay community that the western world has

What about the doujinshi i've been researching..?




Western ideals? It should be universal ideals. That's the point. When you make a move like Nike did what you're doing is helping push that necessary change in underdeveloped countries by saying "your beliefs/actions/words have consequences and you won't get away with this because you're from a backwater nation" 




Much of Asia is a lot more gay friendly than Europe or North America




Yes, I'm so tired of people hating entire countries for their anti-gay laws when the US only very recently came around to its currently tolerant position.




In his country there are bigger priorities of survival than being politically correct.




Right, open minded to western way of thinking...




>  In asia there isnt a big pro-gay community that the western world has. 

Except Thailand... man what a strange country. Gays, transsexuals, even pedophiles, we're cool with that. Smoke a joint? 15 yeas in jail.






This is a cop-out. These *are* Western ideals. They're ideals we've recognised as backward and harmful which is why we look down upon them. As an international athlete, he's educated enough to be held to the same standard of scrutiny as any Western athlete or politician. He's supposed to represent his constituents but he's also supposed to be a leader. If you can't reconcile doing what's right and representing your constituents, you shouldn't be a politician.




Also, devout Christian.  It kind of comes w the territory.   Money doesn't mean anything to Manny, he's incredibly rich.  He doesn't give a damn about Nike money.   He's earned the freedom to not be beholden to an entity for his supper.  He's more interested in being a political leader than a spokesperson for speakers.  

I may not agree with his statements, but he's an incredibly classy person.  He is from a different culture and if we claim to be tolerant, we should be tolerant of him too.

Still, he can't be a spokesperson.   Lots of gay shit going on in Phillipines anyway.  This dude I worked with was from there and he said he would fuck men and it wasn't gay because he wasn't getting fucked.  It's a weird place with the gay activity going on.

Just Do It.




Not that Western of American values are often backwards or wrong, but there is no cultural excuse for bigoted behaviour.
Perhaps Asia would be a better place if anti gay bigotry wasn't accepted?




It could be argued that western ideas like evangelical Christianity, Catholicism and Victorian morality (applicable to areas that were colonized by Britain) spread anti-gay sentiments to non-Western parts of the world. Just speculating.




So he can get a big Asian sponsorship. He doesn't get to have a big American sponsorship. Boo hoo, he's not entitled to it.




Hate is hate. Morality is not relative; it's belief systems that vary from culture, not moral values. Saying his comments are okay because he's from a more oppressive culture is the same as saying vaginal mutilation is okay as long as you're north African. Like. wtf. No.




Still hateful and we must work hard fir a world that doesn't accept such hate at any of its corners.




 >This is pretty normal talk for that region.

Which in no way makes it ok. Some ideals are incorrect regardless of what part of the world you come from.




He's not disagreeing with ideals, he's disagreeing with scientific facts and insulting people because of it.




Their version of enlightened, not yours




Oxymoron for sure.




close, but not quite classic. Both he and his agent basically admitted they were rightfully terminated from the contract. That's pretty new, I'm sure.




If you read carefully, he's clearly talking about Microsoft. 




So are kids still making their shoes?




If the cultural values you embrace align with homophobia and bigotry, you're not a homophobic bigot? That's not childish name-calling... Just like if your cultural values support racism, you are in fact a racist. An accurate description of a person does not change just because the majority of their culture shares those beliefs.




That's like saying it is okay for me to say black people are inferior to white people because "it's part of my culture/values" even though the majority of people agree with him, that doesn't make his comment any more acceptable. I think he handled the situation quite well on the social media though. You can be against same-sex marriage, but you can't be against two consentant adults having a same-sex relationship. It doesn't concern you, just ignore them and move on.




Such a weird sentiment. Just because a culture hates a people doesn't make individuals not bigoted. Like everyone in the country thinking gays are abnormal animals doesn't make individual celebs thinking just aokay...




It wouldn't be Reddit without someone defending bigots and whining about Muslims.




Exactly. He just really hates gays. No need for the name calling. 




Nah he's a homophobic bigot. That's it. 




> Name-calling is childish and solves nothing.

Not disagreeing with you, but it's hard to take this statement seriously from a username that is a spurting cock. Lol




[He was actually a womanizing party boy who was only "born again" into Christianity a couple of years ago](http://www.theguardian.com/sport/2014/oct/04/manny-pacquiao-chris-algieri-floyd-mayweather)

80% of the Philippines is Catholic and it has been rated as one of the most gay-friendly countries in Asia. I believe Manny's views on homosexuality were not formed from childhood, but rather after he was born again.




Calling a class of people "worse than animals" is a pretty sure way to reveal yourself to be a bigot.




That makes it totally fine, then.




I'd say comparing people you don't agree with to animals makes you a bit of an asshole 




Opinions that oppress people based on biological characteristics are shitty opinions and don't deserve the same treatment.

He is not expressing that chocolate is better than vanilla. He's expressing that he believes some people are sub humans for something that is out of their control.




What if I told you being a bigot makes you an asshole, not voicing your opinion?




He's entitled to his opinion and the consequences that come from speaking it. Such as losing endorsements from private companies because he was an asshole.




I'd say that that's your opinion, but I'm entitled to my opinion, which is that that person is an asshole for having their opinion. You are, of course, welcome to the opinion that *I* am an asshole for believing such.

This is the nature of opinions.




> What if I told you that everyone is entitled to their own opinion, and that voicing an opinion tou dont agree with doesnt make them an asshole?

Sure, and they can also lose their job as a spokesperson for a company because their views are archaic and does not bring value to the brand. 




I'd say your opinions are exactly what makes you an asshole or not. 

ex.  In my opinion /u/Tornath is worse than an animal.  (I don't know /u/Tornath, and have no reason to spew such hatred towards him, thus I'm an asshole for having such a assholish opinion)




Predujice without actual reason isn't an opinion. Also, Hitler's opinion on the Jews probably wasn't the greatest, but that's okay, he wasn't an arsehole.




You and Pacquiao can go ahead and hate whoever you want. Nike however is under no obligation to continue endorsing anybody they don't want to. Those are the consequences.




What are the gays' agenda anyway?

EDIT: I asked without thinking of the answers I would get. 

People, it's not thought policing. You have (at least in America) the freedom of speech. It doesn't give you the freedom from consequences of your free speech. If anyone's life, job, etc is ruined because of what they said then it falls on the person who said it. Fucking take responsibility for what the fuck you say or say nothing at all. 




Denied the right to earn money? I had no idea that endorsement contracts are an inalienable right. 




i like the sentiment for the sake of discussion, but the way you worded that i fear will earn you nothing but downvotes. using "the gay agenda" in any context is probably not going to get you anything resembling reasonable discourse. 

that being said, i think it's a pretty big stretch to go from nike ending a contract because they are worried about the negative light their sponsor has put them in, and restricting people with non-left social views from buying goods. 




It's not that they're denying him any 'right.' He's expressed a view that could draw criticism to the company that pays him to wear their logo. As a result, they are exercising their right to no longer endorse him. 




You're acting like the guy has a right to endorsements. The market has spoken: it likes gays, or, more accurately, it *doesn't* like people who are bigots representing their brands.




What? No. Just because a private company says they are ending your contract with them due to speech they don't agree with doesn't mean they infringed upon your right to earn money. He has a right to believe and say whatever he wants. But he doesn't have the right to be free of the consequences of what he said. There are social consequences. No one is arresting him or stopping him from boxing, acting, representing, or "singing." When it comes to a private company they can choose to not work with you if they want. That's their right. Your argument doesn't hold water. 




oh thank god, I was getting so aggravated by some of the articles




I think though there's a difference between "I don't believe homosexuality is ok" and "homosexuals are worse than animals".




Quite old, in fact.




I mean pennies is pushing it and depends on the product but yes, there is an understanding somewhere along the line the conditions are less than acceptable (usually at the fabric mill level) - The reality of it is that although it seems like no money to us, in those countries its similar to a minimum wage existence. It's not ideal but it's what they've got. 




As soon as they can pay american workers 2 bucks an hour, I'm sure they will.




Enjoy your 800 dollar shoes.




http://www.oregonlive.com/politics/index.ssf/2015/05/nike_says_it_will_locate_manuf.html




My mom works for Nike. We live in America. 




How is not hating a company r/hailcorporate material?




Well, they now know that too. Guess that makes them pedrophiles too!




Many states in the US it's 16.  A 35 year old man can fuck a high school girl,  but its technically illegal to fuck his wife in the ass because sodomy laws.   

Don't let your legislature set your moral compass.  Have ass sex.




[deleted]




wouldn't knowing the age of consent NOT make you a pedophile. Because your trying to not fuck someone under that age.




12 in parts of Mexico until recently.




Some people use google for finding new needlepoint patterns.  Other people use google for watching non-human gay porn.  The google doesn't care!




The counter I hear most often is "well, what do you think we are? *Animals*?"

It's so stupid. Don't say "its wrong because animals don't do it" and then immediately go "it's wrong because animals do it!"




By that logic every government official that drafted the law would be a pedophile too.




They taught me about gay animals and age of consent in other countries in University. 




thank for telling us so know we're all pedos too 





"Why do you know that?"

Because I know how to read. 




"Because the Bible isn't the only book in the world, mom."




True. He may just have been a pedo apologist. 




(Internal screaming)




Adam Johnson? Is that you?




Tell that to Joseph Smith!

But in all fairness, she was just several months before her 15th brthday...




"Because you're as original as you are intelligent." 




"Because the wife of some guy on Reddit wouldn't stop crying about... Actually, never mind. Because I'm gay. Super gay. That's definitely the less embarrassing reason."




*grumbles about consent laws*




It's important to know in which countries you're a pedophile.




Only a pedophile would know something like that.




not to mention being attracted to 14 year olds isnt technically pedophilia, but im probably a pedophile for knowing that




> The old "why do you know that?" counter.

Both the real answer (at least in my case) and a great response: "Because people that are against homosexuality have said this so much that popular science has covered this many times in response!"  




Haha, where though?




>"why do you know that?" 

"Because I read more than just tabloids?"




"I have to know this because people like -you-, don't."




"The old "why do you know that?" counter", part of the logical fallacy https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ad_hominem




I bet they were like 40 or 50 and secretly rely on yahoo answers for critical decision making.




> "only a pedophile would know something like that."

"I think less about sex than the average conservative Christian. So who's the real pervert?"




> some countries have an age of consent of 14

You know what's fucked up, if you go to one of those countries and have consensual sex with a 14 year old, you can still get into trouble if the US figures it out.




I know about this specifically for situations like this. 




The art of learning is lost on that generation.




Mr. Slave is that you?




I don't know about you but I wouldn't survive 4 seconds after calling my mom an ignorant jackass.




Or: "Because I take pride in putting the ignorant in their place."




https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_animals_displaying_homosexual_behavior

Way more than swans.




I learned in high school that male manatees give each other simultaneously fin jobs. There was a drawing in the textbook and everything!




Well, she isn't much of an animal person.






My mom argued that being gay isn't natural. So I replied that animals engage in homosexual behavior all of the time. Then she told me I was gross for even knowing that fact.




Ha, right? Science isn't right!




Yeah, I learned about homosexual behavior in animals reading ahead in a textbook for a class I had in high school. Actually it was the section from the textbook that I quoted to her.




No cats were harmed in the making of this comment. 




That's because you presented a terrible example. Before you yell at me, first explain why you think your point makes sense. 




No she was arguing with me that being gay isn't natural. 




> Homosexuality is a mental disorder,

Please don't make medical claims without knowing what you're talking about. Disorders imply a level dysfunction. We don't define every variation in behaviour or mental pattern as a disorder. Homosexuality is just another variation in human psychosexuality.




Or point out that dolphins are murdering rapists. That gets some looks of concern from people.

Guess I should stop pointing that out to people during elementary school tours of Sea World.




Fun story: 

I was about 14 and at my grandmother's apartments. Those 100 tennant things where you have the ponds going through out them and its supposed to give you a community feel. Well during the summer it's all fucking ducks. And I mean fucking ducks. Me and my 9 and 12 year old brothers were outside when a lady duck pulls up next to us and like 2 seconds later three males no joke hold her down while a fourth fucks her. THEN ITS THE NEXT ONES TURN. All until they gang bang her good. The male ducks walk away after each turn with their little duck penis hanging out and dripping sperm. 

Scarred for life. 

Edit for misspellings




[Quacks loudly]




paging /u/fuckswithducks




I had a male Scottish terrier in the backyard growing up. I also had a pair of male ducks... The dog didn't stand a chance when cornered. We ended up selling the ducks to a local feed store.




I wonder how many people have him tagged with that.




This guy LOGS IN. Fancy boy. 




Boy howdy do they.




RIP Proximo




Are you not entertained?




ram it up their arse




Was gonna quote this. Hardly any animals have homosexuality occur as a default. It usually just happens because they're there and they're horny.




/r/interestingasfuck




But its similar in humans....few men are gay...maybe 5-10% max




Ram the life out of each other. Baaaaaaa




Pacquiao can read, you're thinking of Mayweather.  Pacquiao is a politician.  Statements like this are intended for the ears of his constituents in the Philippines.




I thought Pacquiao could read? Isn't it Mayweather that can't read?




he also spent most of his life getting punched in the head.  Definitely not the brightest bulb




> In his defense,

Did you see his fight with Mayweather? he has no defense




Oy m8 ur thinkin of da wrong person.




CTE is a bitch.




No wonder he's a senator.




I completely disagree. Many animals are smart enough to know what they are doing.




ME! ^^except ^^you ^^know ^^^that ^^^one ^^^time




The only way to determine whether or not all members of a given mammalian species are heterosexual would be to observe every single one of them, as just one case of homosexuality or bisexuality would contradict the hypothesis that that species is exclusively heterosexual.

Now I don't know anything about science pertaining to sexuality, but if I were to guess, I'd say that everyone is intrinsically bisexual-ish and are just conditioned one way or the other. I would definitely have doubts about my claim, but it seems reasonable to me.




I'm not sure what TFC us, I live in the Phils and every channel and virtually every TV show features homosexuals in some capacity. I am an American expat and fully believe homosexuality is far more widely accepted here than the USA. The court system may not allow gay marriage yet, but there is a push for it. The Catholic church doesn't have such a hold on the populace as it once did. Birth control is given to poor families and contraception us taught in schools and in the required government mandated marriage counciling sessions.




It is not perfect, but homosexuality isn't exactly hidden. Many,many ladyboys and Vice Ganda is one of the highest paid actors, comedians in the Philippines.




Things already AREN'T going so well for him over here.... After he started being bros with one of the most corrupt politicians in this country. (Jejomar Binay)




Gotta love their morals!




Well sure. He's a Christian with moral guidance and he still couldn't help himself from sinning! Imagine all the sinning atheists must do then!?

/s just in case...




He hit his girl but hugs his opponents 




Since Floyd was like 20 or so he's been his own manager. As a result, his business makes up for his personality. 

Pacquiao has never done that side of things, so he's dependent on image in a different way that Floyd is.




I still wish I would have bet on it.  I told everyone it's going to be Mayweather by decision.

It's like watching a cat try and fight a turtle.




> He doesn't even attend congressional sessions. 

Meanwhile in America, we have state representatives voting for their absent colleagues: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rHFOwlMCdto&t=11m6s




[deleted]




This. And he even has the balls to say he's thinking of running president! The day Pacquiao/Binay becomes president will be the day I'd totally erase any trace of being Filipino (in my mind anyway). Nevermind the fact that he's anti-homosexual I could give less of a shit about that since I focus more on their economic policies (Miriam is also Anti-homosexual yet I want her as leader), I just wish this country had qualified leaders.




I second this. Coming from a political family, not just a political family but the political family that Pacquiao supports (my grandma is currently the mayor of a municipality in the province of Saranggani, etc etc), Manny does really help his people. He's giving away not just money but upgrades to the important facilities in the province (new and better firetrucks, ambulances, hospitals, police facilities, etc). It can be noticed that the upgrades were really helpful. He even started funding in building houses for the poor, they said that it will be free for those who are homeless. http://www.wheninmanila.com/look-manny-pacquiao-builds-houses-in-sarangani-using-his-own-money/


Personally, and I can hardly talk about this to the fam, but I really hate the idea of Pacquiao running for political office. IMO it is much better if he started his own organization or charity and do this stuff. As stated above, I can confirm that he does not even attend congressional sessions. "Does not even attend" is sugarcoating it. I don't even know what to do anymore because as a member of the family, we need to support Pacquiao for political purposes. But as a member of the society, having a shitty senator sucks ass. Even after all of these fiasco, I am still certain that Manny will win. 




If you dissent to Pacquiao with different opinions you'll be met with his backward logic. If you dissent to Mayweather with different opinions your logic will be met with a backhand.




I understand Mayweather being disliked for his arrogance but to assume Mayweather is a selfish scumbag who doesn't do any charity work is absurd. 




Mayweather also beat his wife.




I mean... but the book does say its bad.  So you can understand why people would think people who are part of a religion based on that book believe the things in it. 




Eventually we're gonna have christians who don't even believe jesus is the savior.  




I'm Christianity, the "radicals" are the ones who think homosexuality is ok. Definitely a tiny subset 




>It's sad that the religion gets blamed for the awful opinions and actions carried out by people who believe in that religion. There are tons of christians who believe that homesexuality is fine.

It's not fine in Catholicism though, which is what he is. Catholicism isn't "stone the gays" and it accepts the orientation but sees the behaviour as inherently sinful and wrong.

It's a small minority of Christian denominations that think homosexuality is "fine".




I disagree.  Your sentiment can cover a small percentage of incidents where people have "terrible opinions" and execute terrible actions on their own - but there are a large percentage of people who think or act in these ways solely because of their religion.

Take your analogy with guns.  People definitely do shoot other people and sometimes without sufficient moral cause (i.e. self defense).  But other times guns accidentally go off or are in the wrong hands such as when kids find their parents' gun or when the mentally ill get their hands on a weapon.  In the end - guns are made to do one thing which is to cause significant harm / kill.  Unfortunately this "tool" is not always used in the right way and I do not believe you can simply just blame the person each and every time.  

Religion at its core is indoctrination of a certain point of view from someone else onto you.  You go to your religious sermons to learn how you are supposed to think based off how someone else is telling you to.  Sometimes, the guy teaching you is an asshole and is teaching you shit with poor / ignorant morality & ethics.  Because of the fact that you are hearing it in a religious forum AND probably repeatedly hearing it in this forum AND probably told that if you disagree you are sinner or otherwise condemned yourself - you are much more likely to adopt these ideals than you would be if you just heard it in passing from a neighbor.  

So, no.  I don't agree that religion is not to blame here in a lot of these situations when it is the exact medium that is used to spread a lot of "awful opinions and actions" as you said.  It is actually precisely to blame for spreading bad teachings as much as it is to its merit when it spreads good teachings like charity and good will.




> And some denominations that even allow gay church leaders.

So a majority refuse to allow gay church leaders? Well, so much for claiming bigotry is the exception...




It gets the fucking blame because it's fucking responsible. 




A gun is an inanimate object.

A religion is an organised group of people trying to perpetuate their belief system.

That's about the worst false equivalency I've ever seen.




Except there is plenty of text IN THE BIBLE that says that homosexuality is wrong to the point of being worthy of death. As well as lots of other really shitty, terrible things that are either morally or factually wrong. I get that it is possible to interpret Christianity in a good light if you either completely ignore the bad stuff or do some sort of mental gymnastics in order to justify why the bad stuff isn't bad or doesn't count anymore. But you could paint anyone in a good light if you did the same thing. The only difference is that Christianity has centuries worth of cultural indoctrination invested into making it look as good as possible to the point that what would be considered appalling and unacceptable by any other standard in any other situation is now somehow just scripture that is less relevant to modern times. Yes, the results of one denomination might have more radical CONSEQUENCES then another. But quite frankly the very idea of faith is radical in how invalid it is in making logical arguments or presenting evidence to suggest how we ought to live. What is different about Christian arguments for homosexuality that make them any more valid than Christian arguments against homosexuality?




I'm really curious to hear from the people that are down voting you. 





>  And some denominations that even allow gay church leaders.

This is the religious apologists version of "Some of my best friends are black."




Because the religion in this chase Christianity thinks homosexuality is a sin, which is normal for the religion... "relating to or affecting the fundamental nature of something; far-reaching or thorough" definition of radical. So it would mean Jesus said homosexuality is a sin, which all Christians should believe in, but a radical portion of Christianity believes that means they should go kill all homosexuals.

Religion is literally a rule system on how a person should live their People ignoring things if anything should be the radical ones because everything in a rule set is pretty black and white, But most people are religious out of convenience. You should not ignore religion and act as if isn't what drives someone to have said views. 




Life is tough sometimes. 




ehhhh, kinda




That's gay marriage... And that's after decades of hollywood/government propaganda and it's only 60%.

Let's do a survey on how many people would prefer a heterosexual child or a homosexual child? Let's do a survey on how many people would abort a homosexual fetus is they were able? 

I'm talking about people's opinions of homosexuality and homosexuals. Not about gay marriage. 




while topless and sweaty.




A lot of those mega corporations are vertically integrated and do in fact own most of the manufacturing & distributing channels.




> In fact, unless your products are made in North America

Do Americans actually think they're the only developed nation out there, or do y'all just forget? 




So own nothing? Yes, good luck.




And adidas is German! No one who's German can be bad! 




yeah i think he was talking about when lebron left cleavland tbh




How does he deal with constantly being on fire?




Except Philippine celebrity / pop culture is a lot more complicated than that. Just because some of the more popular entertainers in the country are gay does not mean that the population itself are necessarily tolerant of gay people and are sensitive to their issues. 




yeah, different story. Celebrities are not treated like people. His gayness is treated as being part of his character, not of his person. Guaranteed he gets spat on and verbally abused if he weren't a celebrity.




I always say that Filipinos have a mad superiority complex *and* a crazy inferiority complex. 


I also am Filipino, figured I'd add that. 




Filipinos put up with a lot of shit AND we're actually rated as [one of the most emotional countries in the world](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/worldviews/wp/2012/11/28/a-color-coded-map-of-the-worlds-most-and-least-emotional-countries/). With a huge swath of the country living in poverty, and most of its diaspora hailing from such a background, they're pretty eager to latch onto anything positive. Hence the bandwagoning on anything remotely connected to the PI.




I agree. I come from a religious family, and I used to hate gays when I was younger because of my family's whack ass opinions. As I grew I realized what nonsense religion was and learned new things about science and homosexuality in other species. Now I have a best friend who is bisexual! I was *taught* wrong by my family, but I *learned* what was right.




That's because you're capable of critical thinking. A lot of people aren't. Some of those people become politicians. 




Also made by underpaid child workers.  




There have been studies (I can produce them if you want) child labor is good for the economy in the short term and very bad for it in the long term, the kids get no education so they will never be anything other than sweat shop worker which creates a cycle of poverty and low education. 




The pimp who "rescues" young girls from homelessness and poverty by offering them a gig as a prostitute is not a stand-up guy just because he's giving them a little income whereas without him they'd have nothing.

Nike profiting off of poor people's desperation by graciously giving them a 12-hour a day job working in a death-trap factory for peanuts is not generosity. 




Hello from the otterside




Based on your experience, fine. Based on my experience, it's not the case. 




I'm referring to sexual activity outside of marriage, specifically the Christian religious sacrament which by it's nature is male/female. Sometimes I say "gay sex" to specify one of the many activities that fall outside that constraint. Of course, not everyone is Christian, so it doesn't really russle my jimmies any more than the other stuff people/I do that I think is unethical.




If someone follows what the bible says for the most part, I can't blame them. But if they cherry pick (like most Christians) and one of the things they chose to take issue with is gay people, then I condemn that. 




You don't blame them for being an asshole? Okay.




Nike feels it does, and that's their choice to make.




The thing is it is not discriminating its literally just an opinion. People have every right to think that way no matter how you feel about it.




No one is so thick headed - they just call those people out for what they are - scum. You, on the other hand, are trying to soften the blow.

So - when someone calls for the extermination of Jews do you not say the same thing? "eh, not so thick headed to believe that there won't always be people who believe Jews should be a thing. different strokes, amirite?'




>to somehow compare this to the Holocaust and molesting children is a bit extreme

Well yeah, that's the point of an analogy. It shows that your statement of "never criticize opinions!" doesn't work. If someone says "I think molesting children is great" it's ok to vilify them even though they "just have a different opinion than you".

When Pacquiao's villifying fags you don't seem to care but when we say "hey dude get with the times" suddenly we're being unreasonable.




Yeah! /u/blorpeh disapproves of him, so...

Actually so what? Who the flying fuck are you? What have you done?




> I don't think OP is saying that the good things excuse the bad ones.

That's exactly what he's saying and what you're saying. You're sayiing that we shouldn't vilify him for the bad things he said because of other things he's done. And I think it's bullshit. If what he said is bad enough, it's bad enough regardless. 

So you probably don't think what he said is bad enough. Or would you be OK if he said absolutely *anything?*




Yes, up to 40% of homeless youth are gay or trans. [This source for a start](http://www.advocatesforyouth.org/publications/publications-a-z/425-the-impact-of-homophobia-and-racism-on-glbtq-youth-of-color). It's in the US, but especially bad among blacks and Asians.




He believes a guy have a right to beat his husband too. Only wifes getting beat up is sexist. /s




Asking for a friend, how do you graduate from amateur to pro in the sport of domestic violence?




yes i am a bigot against bigots.




I'm upvoting you because you're right and it seems other people don't like that you said that. In the court of public opinion, a man beating up another man is not as big a deal as beating up a woman. Mayweather would have to _beat the living shit_ out of his male partner, basically hospitalize him, or use a weapon or something, for people to put it on an equal footing with giving a woman a black eye or a few bruises.

I mean, it's all disgusting, and no one would approve of either, but it's just the way people think. Historically and physically, male on male combat (or woman on woman for that matter) is more acceptable than male versus female, for obvious reasons. 




That would be an interesting social experiment. If he just married average Joe it would be a much bigger mismatch then the typically male to female. 

On the other hand, mayweather may just get really defensive and not let his partner land a shot.




2 of those things aren't even that bad. It's his money he loses, and he was elected fair and square, at least he only cheats on his wife instead of putting her in the hospital.




Lol. He's plead guilty twice and been convicted another time over a span of 9 years ([source] (http://www.businessinsider.com/floyd-mayweather-domestic-violence-history-2015-4)). This doesn't include the times charges were dropped against him either. 

He's served a total of 60 days in jail for these events. People get more time than that for speeding tickets. If you think he's repaid his debts to society maybe you should reread the [statement] (http://cdn2-www.craveonline.com/assets/uploads/2015/05/floyd-mayweather-sons-statement.jpg) his son made after Mayweather beat the shit out of his baby momma in front of the kid.

And no, I typically don't support other violent assholes regardless of being celebrities.




He didn't even say that, he compared humans with animals, then was misquoted.




And why would he? He is entitled to his opinion.




They are animals.

Just like normal people are.




What else is there to apologise for? There is nothing inherently wrong with being against gay marriage or homosexuality. 




maybe he will google it and learn that all types of animals have homosexual relations, realize he was being close minded and dumb, and alter his worldview.




> incompetency as a politician and public servant. 

Welcome to politics in the Philippines




[deleted]




The thing is people would rather look at Pacquio as the problem. That if they damage his earnings (which ironically go to philanthropy) and reputation (in a few countries that at this point in his life he doesn't care too much about) that it will improve the world. 

It's very easy to leave a mean comment but the hard thing is to instead look into why Pacquio is the way he is and even harder still is to realize that it's going to take a lot of work and a long time to solve the problems in the Philippines (and countless other developing nations) that lead to things like a society that harbours these beliefs and quite frankly a lot of other more severe problems that need to be addressed.

But  two philosophies are prevalent in the west; easy/fast solutions and clamouring for the downfall of somebody who's "big".




Little hands make the best shoes. 




Nike thinks one of them is. 




The only people attempting to force anyone into anything are those who view any public disagreement with their ideology as grounds to make that person unemployed. 




Love it when people defend their blatant bigotry and inability to tolerate dissent with "wah but it's CURRENT YEAR." 




Seriously, they're all about taking action until the action will affect their bottom line




Slaves making shoes all day don't have it anywhere near as bad as PC Americans who are deeply offended by the comments of a boxer from another country.



  




Which sweatshops?




Should they have no jobs?  




[deleted]




Name checks out. Weird stuff goes down in the ol' Saloon.




It's normal because it's totally natural




You think  cannibalism is as common as human homosexuality in humans?




Nope. Homosexual sex is often used for conflict resolution in primates. Birds, reptiles, and some mammals have life long gay relationships. It's very common and totally natural. 




Thanks for making my point.




Depends where in the world you are. I have friends in the south of the US that see that shit all the time, Out here on the left coast, not so much. 




What is the gay agenda? Curious as no ones ever been able to explain it. 




"Free speech" does not require a company to maintain a paid endorsement with someone regardless of what they say.

"Free speech" does not mean "there are no consequences for whatever you say."




>He and his family are incredibly traditional Christians due to the whole influx of missionaries sent to the Philippines over the last century or two.


The Philippines has had christian missionaries for over 400 years. Christianizing local populations was a key part of Spanish colonialism. The Philippines has the third largest catholic population in the world, only smaller than Brazil and Mexico. 

Among most Christian populations homosexuality is not looked upon favorably. In countries where 80% of the population is adhering Catholics there are different social norms.




http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/pages/frontline/shows/assault/roots/overview.html

http://www.livescience.com/19563-homophobia-hidden-homosexuals.html

http://thinkprogress.org/lgbt/2015/09/11/3700857/homophobia-mental-disorder/




Considering calling it abnormal is factually incorrect anyone could respond to what you said.




Nope. Straight and married. I just find ignorance and bigotry appalling.  You can go back to posting about WOW and Diablo  because you have no friends and sit in a basement playing games all day.




But what if I am an alligator?  Your metaphor is that if someone says they don't like X, but you aren't X, you don't need to be upset.  But he said gays were less than animals, and I *am* gay.  What am I supposed to do then?




Dude have you seen little league parents? If anyone needs to stfu it's them. If you don't believe me go umpire for a season... Those are some fucked up people. 

But yes I get it bust your business still has the right to fire you for your speech... Especially if you're a spokesman. 




That might make sense if the sin was a choice.




Saying people should be respected for "being who they are and true to that, regardless of what they are like" is basically encouraging people who are awful people to be awful.




It's good to be tolerant about other's opinions but we shouldn't feel obligated to respect hate speech- there's a difference between having an opinion and being a bigot. For example I don't think we should tolerate the Westboro Baptist Church's beliefs but I don't think they should go to jail because of them. 




Probably not, it is a very catholic country as far as I know.




"Defending Manny" might just be a challenge they don't want to take up. Or doing it before a challenge for good PR.




Okay, I wasn't aware, that makes sense though boxing is pretty popular amount Hispanics. 




Probably people getting over their hang ups about trans-gendered individuals.




What, in this case, do you consider "acceptable bigotry"?




He sure does, just like we have the right to call him a bigot and a fool for having a stupid opinion.




Sorry wrong comment.




Well he both misspoke and was wrong then. 




No you are missing my meaning; I am simply making a point that just his talented fighting ability does not preclude criticism of his character based on his statements and actions outside the sport




Oh and let's not forget he explicitly said that gays and lesbians should be "put to death", which is far from innocuous




> This only started being true around the same time homosexuality started gaining acceptance

when would you say that was?




He is entitled to his opinion. The problem is his opinion is hate speech and no company should have to have that associated with their brand. (Actually I suppose that you're agreeing with that point.) 

Can we also agree that celebrities should shut the hell up about their opinions on hot button issues and politics? 




Difference is condemning versus being.

Take your logic and apply it to race.

Nike cuts tie with him because he condemns black people... versus... Nike cuts ties with him because he is a black person. You see the difference?




If you're going to call other people morons, make sure you're not one first... you, in fact, are the only obtuse moron in this thread. 




Yeah it's like all those hypocrites who associate with black people but refuse to associate with racists! /s 




Not if they were assholes about being gay or atheist.




Are you mad that Nike made a prudent business choice that is well within their legal rights?




give me 10 minutes with yo ass and a bottle of listerine and you gona be changed for life




> But that is also assuming everyone apart of that company believes in these sort of ideals.

Not really. You can thank the Hobby Lobby Supreme Court case for that, Nike as a company is allowed to take a position.

> But simply stating an opinion doesn't condone punishment.

He's not being punished, he's losing a business partnership because he did something that caused his brand (himself) to be less valuable to Nike. That's capitalism, being sponsored by Nike isn't a right.




No but if you're representing the company in some way you should probably stick in line with the companies values. A typical employee probably only has to be careful when they're in uniform/at work but Manny should know better than to say this shit in public. Nike has no obligation to continue to associate themselves with that.

Anyone that's ever had a school uniform had this drilled into them, doesn't matter if you're not on school time, if you're wearing it you are representing the school and will be punished the same as if you were at school. 




You're kind of flabbergasting me with your obtuseness here, but ok.

Nike is a corporate entity. The beliefs of it's employees don't matter, I can assure you if they are associated with the company in any way they are obligated to adhere to any standards Nike considers relevant. 

Again, Nike is a business, they endorse athletes to make money. If someone they are endorsing says something fucking moronic or espouses beliefs that they think hurt their image (and thus sales) they're going to drop him like a handful of hot shit.

As to your final point, so what? Apparently people out there believe the world is flat and that it's run by lizard people. Those views are also idiotic.




"Sweet, sweet vindication." - Oscar Wilde, probably. 




"It's better that people talk about you negatively behind your back than to not be talked about at all." - Oscar Wilde




I love how in the show Mike is all like, "C'mon Marcuth."




His lawyer was a dentists and the woman had accused and dropped rape  charges against wealthy athletes multiple times before. I'm taking that situation with a bucket full of salt.




Pacquiao's case isn't evil. It's getting so much attention here in the states because we've become a very progressive society in a very short time. Dude lives in the Phillipines, it's full of devout Christians who say this kind of stuff all the time. He may have said something that upset some gay people, but the dude has a heart of gold and has donated more of his time and money to charity than most people ever will.




be fair, he can read them himself.  

give him 20 minutes or so... per comment, but he can do it




"Manny don't have no problem with gay people. Manny have problem with gay people who don't let you knows they gay."




Or just a smart guy paid to make Manny sound classier.  He's doing a good job apparently.




So what we gon' do? We not gonna know! Major key.




they'll have to get in line behind Atheist, Vegans and crossfitters. 




They're like internet vegans and It Works! people, rolled into one.




Sounds like some damned liberals to me. We won't have no hippy commie jesus in my church. We worship the guy who smites his enemies




Your username promised. Your comment delivered.




I wonder how Charice is viewed in her country.




"I think gay people are worse than animals, but I don't *hate* them, jeese!"




Don't worry to much that other people apply the same label as you. That's the other side of the no true Scotsman fallacy. Just focus on promoting/defending the values you hold instead of the label. That is much more constructive than bickering over who gets to use certain words over the other. 




The good 'ol late Bronze Age advice pamphlet. 

They should just rename the bible "Morality For Dummies" and see if it still remains the best seller. 




Numbers is in the Old Covenant in which a lot of Christians don't value it at all or only parts of it. This is confused a lot as picking and choosing, but Jesus dismissed a lot of it. So while yes that's in the Bible, a lot of it just doesn't apply in a large for a lot of Christians. 

Christians don't okay it, if you wanna chastise anyone for it, go to the Jews. 




[deleted]




It's not g-d that says it's not right, the authors (men), writers (men) and translators (men) say it's not right. 

And what g-d we talking about? The Greek g-ds condoned it, even encouraged it. 

And before anybody asks, I write "g-d" like that because of Jewish tradition. 




There has also been men who don't hate black people and regarded them as 3/5 of a person and prevented them from voting and owning land. Mind you, there were whole communities of blacks that worked for their business. 




The line is when you consciously attempt to hinder or remove people's rights. Someone as big name as Manny has sway in certian communities. He actively contributes to the removal of gay rights with his public opinion. Whether he intended to or not. 




There are plenty of people who think blacks shouldn't vote who claim that they don't hate blacks. I think that the idea of suppressing a gay person's ability to have a happy and fulfilling life comes from a hatful place, whether they accept it or not. 




He didn't simply disagree with their lifestyle, he said gay people are worse than animals.






Some people hate blacks and Filipinos.  You probably don't want them as sponsors of a clothing company either.  It's free market bitch.




What about the "cultural differences" in the Middle East that will hand you the death penalty for being gay or even Christian for that matter? 

Are progressives allowed to be condescending towards those cultural differences? I would bet that a good percentage of these Christians would love to see the death penalty handed out to gay men, so should we roll over and let them be enact their fascist ideology simply because it's their "culture"? 

Once anybody starts enforcing their beliefs on other people, being condescending and ridiculing them is the least we should do. 




He's allowed to say whatever the fuck he wants. Nike sells expensive shoes to people with feet, some of them gay.  The don't want him as a spokesperson.




Didn't he say *worse than* animals?




He specifically said "mas masahol pa sa hayop"

Literal translation from Tagalog to English is "worse than an animal" which already sounds bad, but when taken in context (of how the phrase has been historically used in the Philippines i.e. television, movies, literature, day to day life) sounds even worse. It expresses intense disgust and degradation for somebody - the effect of being told such is similar to being told that they are "low life scum" or "disgusting pigs" (maybe even more intense than that). It's a phrase that I'll only say to someone that I have an intense anger and disgust of.




Technically this is not a technical argument. 




> "If you have male-to-male or female-to-female [relationships], then people are **worse** than animals."

Emphasis added.




He's incorrect though, animals screw members of the same sex, other sex, or other species.  Just look at male giraffes, they have sex with other males much more then females.




"If you have male-to-male or female-to-female [relationships], then people are worse than animals."

Think we all know where he was going with that 




No, he's comparing them to animals which is and has been a way of dehumanizing and justifying atrocities against 'different' people for a long time. Comparing black people to monkeys, comparing gays to being 'worse than animals', it's all just a way of dehumanizing these people which will then influence some to use violence against them.

It's easier to justify attacking a person who makes you uncomfortable if you deem them not even human. It is hate speech.




“Animals are better because they can distinguish male from female. If men mate with men and women mate with women, they are worse than animals.”




It's nice to see someone else who can read.




Which is funny, because anyone who actually works with animals knows that animals have homosexual sex pretty frequently.




No one said he wasn't allowed to think or say hateful things. That doesn't mean your speech doesn't have consequences.




Opinions can't be hate speech? I really don't understand your logic




> I don't agree with him, but why is it hate speech? People can have any kind of harsh opinion they want. Legally, you're allowed to be part of the KKK or neo-nazi groups, it's part of your freedom of speech.

Uh, am I misunderstanding this, or are you actually using the KKK and neo-nazi groups as examples of things that aren't hate speech?

The US Supreme Court has pretty consistently decided that hate speech is legal (so long as it does not directly call for violence), but that doesn't mean it's not hateful. Just because something is legal does not mean that it cannot be considered hate speech.




[deleted]




He does have every right to say it, that's why he has not been arrested for it. He's just dealing with the social backlash of saying something that offended a lot of people.
The term "anti-gay"is something I have only every heard said by people from the u.s. Here in Canada we call it "homophobia".

It's the same as racism kind of, yes you have the right to say it, so long as you don't physically injure people for it. But people are still going to think badly of you.




The fact that it's "his opinion" doesn't immunize it from the charge of being hate speech. It's a hateful opinion. In his opinion, human beings of a particular sexuality are sub-human – or, quote, "worse than animals." How can you *not* consider that to be hate speech? He's allowed to think it, sure, but it's a hateful and bigoted thing to think! 




I agree but in the same vein Nike is allowed to take exception to his opinion.




Could you possibly give an example of something that you would consider to be hate speech that isn't an opinion? 




I don't really see it as censoring an opinion. Nike is under no obligation to sponsor this man, so if he is spouting "harsh opinions" about gay men and women that Nike clearly does not approve of, they have every right to no longer endorse him.

People may have harsh opinions about whatever they would like to, but if that harsh opinion goes against another person being able to live a happy life that is not hurting anyone, the person with the hateful opinion is wrong, not the person they are scrutinizing.




I fully support his right to say what he said, just like I would support Hitler's right to his free speech. That said, it is an unacceptable view that does not belong in our society. 

I believe people have the right to hold any sick view they want. They should be shunned for it, but not silenced.




Not sure what's hard to understand about a company with a customer base as large and diverse as Nike's wanting to distance themselves from from someone who has spoken out against homosexuality. It has nothing to do with censoring anyone.




Censoring? Who's censoring him? He's just getting fired because he's damaging his brand by saying stuff that makes him look like an asshole.




> They're allowed to, and if we judge them for their opinions, we're no better than them.

I can't stand people who say this. Condemning intolerance is NOT intolerance. We can judge ISIS for their opinions, right? And still be better than them? We do not have to be tolerant of intolerance. Yes, they are ALLOWED to be intolerant, but I am not reduced to his level by pointing out his intolerance.




What does him being allowed to think something have to do with that thing being hate speech?




https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hate_speech

>Hate speech, outside the law, is speech *that attacks a person or group on the basis of* attributes such as gender, ethnic origin, religion, race, disability, or *sexual orientation*.     

>*gay people are worse than animals*

I don't see how it's *not* hateful. 

As an American I welcome you to hold whatever beliefs you wish, you could hate the very country that lets you say these horrible things legally and I would still welcome the conversation. 

Would I agree with it? No. Do I think it's a horrible opinion to hold over millions of people you've never met, will never meet, and won't live long enough to meet for the next thousand or hundred thousand years? Yes.

Do I think I can change your opinion? I don't care to but I doubt I could.

The reason I welcome the statement is because it's well within your rights as not just an American, but as a human being to say whatever you wish within reason.

Do I think Manny should've kept his big mouth shut about it and do I think it was absolutely fucking stupid to say that being who he is? Absolutely.

Holding an hateful opinion and saying "I think gay people are disgusting!" in a public setting as a public figure and spokesman for a popular company are two totally different things.




[removed]




They don't mean hate speech as literally him being guilty of the crime of hate speech. That typically requires some kind of call to action against a minority.  
  
What they mean is that he said something (speech) that targeted and dehumanized a minority group (hate).   
  
It's a confusing word choice, because hate speech is a legal term and he would not be guilty of the crime of hate speech. But it was speech that was hateful.   
  
That's why we have people in here going "how is it hate speech?" or "why should he not be allowed to say it?". They don't agree with him, they just don't think he committed a criminal offence. 




I think you really want people to get along while respecting each other's opinions. I'm all for that as well. But I guess there's a difference between the cognitive dissonance displayed when people point to religion as their justification for disliking homosexuality and the comparisons to nature, which is an easily passed logical barrier. 


PC notwithstanding, in the modern world, those thoughts, when worded that way give an impression of discriminatory dislike. It is very difficult to read a persons mind in the public arena and even more difficult to expect those who do not see a problem with two people finding attraction with one another to be "still" while the person standing next to them is saying it's not acceptable to them. 




[deleted]




Yeah man, I'm with you. Some of these people should work on their logic skills.

All the Christians I know who have a problem with homosexuality treat gay people just fine and sometimes have gay friends.






You're probably being downvoted and burned to shit but I want to say that I absolutely agree. Within the last 10 years there has been a huge shift of policing what people say. If Nike, a private company wants to fire a spokesperson for homophobic remarks, sure, that makes sense. They have to appeal to a broad audience and having someone say anti-gay things isn't good for selling shoes. But the idea that people simply can't say these things because they are "hate speech" is just crazy. I heard of a story a while ago (don't know if it's true but the point is important regardless) where a group of neo-nazis were distributing flyers around town. They were charged with some kind of hate-speech crime and the local ACLU *defended* them because while they didn't agree with the content of their words, they knew that it was protected free speech. The ACLU ended up losing a huge part of their donor base because people alarmingly equate any kind of racist, homophobic or sexist speech to be inherently illegal--not wrong, *illegal*. 




This is Reddit. Everything is hate speech and needs to be outlawed.

Edit: including this comment apparently lmbo. SJWs out in force




Good luck trying to convince super super liberal left wing Reddit into believing that it's not necessarily a bad thing for someone to believe in something different then them. 




Also, what does "hate speech" mean?  If it's saying things that incite hatred for a group of people, how is Nike's announcement not hate speech?  

Nike is being very intolerant of people who find homosexuality unnatural.




When he said it to an audience it stopped being an opinion and became hate speech.




Because any view that treats another human being as sun human is hate speech. It's like I said if black people were like chimps. 




Might want to change the PHD in your name. 




your edits are getting progressively more desperate




>Manny isn't advocating for the murder of gays. As long as you aren't promoting violence towards a demographic it isn't legally considered hate speech.

"Hate speech" isn't a legally defined term in the United States so what you're arguing doesn't make any sense. People call it "hate speech" because it justifies hatred against gay people. 

I'll also point out your contradiction: 

>not sure where everyone is getting the idea that I said Nike is wrong. I never said they are wrong for what they are doing.

and then...

>We cannot simply censor people's opinions because we don't like them, as long as he isn't promoting violence he isn't doing anything illegal.

Where the hell does your criticism about "censorship" come from if you don't think Nike did anything wrong? It's not creating "a hive mind" because companies no longer want to associate with people who say horrible things about their fellow human beings. 

>I don't think they have a problem with the people, but rather the idea, if that makes sense.

That doesn't make sense, because these people actively fight to take away rights for gay people, and in some cases commit actual violent crimes against people simply for being gay. 

>if we judge them for their opinions, we're no better than them

Fuck off, we absolutely should judge people with harmful and hateful opinions. If someone thinks white people are superior to black people I'm going to judge the fuck out of them. Similarly if someone thinks gay people are worse than animals I'm going to judge them too. 




He's allowed to think it but then once he vocalises it it becomes hate speech.




I mean here in united States it is the same way at a lot of places. Gay marriage is still a very hot topic and debates are brought up in state, national and president campaigns. 




What's not to understand?

You do have the freedom to say hateful things.  Others have the freedom to react to that as they see fit.  




Basically he can be fired and people have the right to boycott him--- but the government can't and won't prosecute him for his views.  It's not illegal to say derogatory things- but individuals are free to shun you.




I'm not sure how free speech would factor into it anyways.  Freedom of Speech on says the government can't act on what he says, a private company (Nike) can do what they want about it.




In America, hate speech is protected and legal as long as it doesn't lead to imminent lawless action. The Americans you are talking about dislike his remarks, but they also are against the censorship of speech in general. Either way, a private company deciding to not do business with him over this isn't a matter of freedom of speech like government censorship would be.




Hmm the Christians in Africa, the Muslims in the Middle East, and even Christians in America would rather enforce gods word rather then simply pray for you. They don't see it as let's help you but more of your the anti christ and challenge my conservative lifestyle.




“Animals are better because they can distinguish male from female. If men mate with men and women mate with women, they are worse than animals.”

This is what he said. There's no caring in this statement. 




"And it's totally just a coincidence that I agree with God's opinion on absolutely everything."




I mean Nike practically lives in China so how much more Asian can you get?




I'm sure he does. That's why he's not throwing a fit.




American, European, Asian. Thanks for explaining the game to me. I don't have that card. Go fish.




Dudes worth hundreds of millions of dollars I don't think he's stressing one bit. 




And Nike can find places OTHER than Asia to manafacture all their apparel lmao.




The reason Nike was sponsoring Pac was because he was a lock on the Philippine market. 




"spokesman and "rolemodel"... yeah right, they're just making money off each other




He *is* still a world famous celebrity. This isn't the first time he's made remarks like this either. Celebrity's don't get sponsorships to be pillars of virtue, they get chosen for cold hard cash




Least Christian heavily Christian country in the world.




There are a lot of gays in the Philippines but it is a very devout Catholic nation with a huge church following.




[deleted]




I dont doubt that there are gay community's there, but just going off of the map of where gay marriage is legal you can see a divide on where the national stances are.

http://www.forbes.com/sites/niallmccarthy/2015/06/29/the-countries-where-gay-marriage-is-legal-map/#63a29fd11c22




As someone who has also travelled Asia extensively, the pro-gay communities are outnumbered by non-pro-gay communities in those countries.




Sure they are.

Doesn't mean they shouldn't be a more broadly-embraced ideal, but that idea is Western in origin. 




Because there's a distinction between being publicly opposed to homosexuality and beheading infidels?




I think actual Nazi war criminals are much worse than people who discriminate. The Nazis weren't just racists.




Pretty sure transvestites are not the same as gays.




There are trans beauty pageants in the US too. Doesn't mean they are celebrated. Also Phillipines is a big country. You can have some people okay with it and some against it




You'll probably find contradictions in any society, some more noticeable than others.




Lived in the Philippines for most of my life, and I'm wondering the same thing.




Parts of it sure, but on a national level you can still see a divide between west and east

http://www.forbes.com/sites/niallmccarthy/2015/06/29/the-countries-where-gay-marriage-is-legal-map/#63a29fd11c22




Well that's an incredibly stupid point of view.




He needs money for his political ambitions and his entourage.
As for the different culture bit.... ironically his views on homosexuality are probably influenced by his religion which is evangelical protestantism, an export from the West. You could say some elements of the West are actively exporting these harmful attitudes.




Actually his anti-gay views are probably an effect of his evangelical protestantism, a Western export.




Let's dispel this myth that Pacquiao doesn't know what he is doing. He knows exactly what he is doing.




I think you mean Sega. Why do you think his trunks are blue? 




Phizer has some answering to do




I just wanna talk about Rampart!




Ugh, no, and now they're more expensive and lower quality because the workers demand higher wages and have large hands 




Many of Pacquiaos illegitimate filipino children work in those sweat shops.

Bless the lord.




nah, supposedly there was a bidding war to make Nike's shoes and a more legitimate factory won it. Their shoes fuckin' suck now. At least their SB's. Shitty leather and suede.




They're starting to replace people with robots actually.  The Nike Flynit shoes are 99% made by machines and 3d printers. 




That's just the real world for you, not reddit




I get that a lot. If it holds any merit, the guy I responded to is TheCocksmith




Certainly wasn't the best way to say what he meant, but that doesn't mean he is intolerant which is what bigoted means. If he was much more hateful, intolerant, prejudicial and discriminating against them then he would be a bigot.




Im mot saying he's in the right, or that I agree with him, but he has just as much right to voice his opinion as the next guy. That being said I do agree with you. Thats kind of an asshole thing to say.




They want equal rights to normal people, it's ridiculous.




The free market is too dumb and vane to not buy Nike based on this issue thus forcing Nike to bring back jobs. "Honey I got laid off at the Nike plant today.... But I had to cop these new J's though!"




Almost no nike shoe costs 800 retail




If it's weird to love Pedro, than I don't want to love.




I'm going to file that away in my rolladex of insults. Future me thanks you. In fact, tagging you as "Pedrophiles guy" as a reminder. 




Pedrosexual* please, be PC




It's contagious!




Logic is lost on someone like that.




[deleted]




Not anymore! Lawrence vs Texas. Ass fuck away!




Sodomy laws were ruled unconstitutional in 2003. Educate yourself.




So you're saying assfuck sixteen year olds? Ever consider politics?




Having sex with a 16 year old would still land your ass in prison on statutory rape charges.




Finding a 17 year old girl attractive does not make you a fucking pedophile, now a days some 17 year olds look a lot older whether it fucking offends Reddit or not, it's the truth.

Edit: getting downvoted, Reddit is offended 




I think the implication was that it lets you know where you can go to legally fuck underage girls. Of course, that flies in the face of the fact that it's illegal for a US citizen to have sex with someone under 16 no matter where they go.




Who? The guy stating the fact, or the guy calling him a pedophile?




Well, yes, because sex slavery is popular in countries like that, and it's not uncommon for girls under the age of 14 to be pressed into service as prostitutes specifically for pedophiles to go have fun with.




Jeejus Kristh 




Oh^hoohoohoohoo




i read it in his voice, too




Scissor me timber




Scizzor me xerxes!




[removed]




[deleted]




if my mom called me disgusting for knowing scientific facts, then gloves are coming off, baby





The whole 'tears' thing is referencing a famous/popular Reddit post where a guy made a list of things that made his girlfriend cry, which included "She found out swans can be gay" and "She remembered swans can be gay."




omg insects are SO GAY




It's a reddit meme.




Holy shit, I forgot about the penguins. Cutest thing to ever exist, dear lord.




Holy shit I'm surprised that even made it in




"le homosex is natural!  Animals can do it so we should too!"

That's the argument in this thread.  So humans should be allowed to rape since it comes natural to other animals as well.




[deleted]




I read this as dolphins are murdering rapists.. like there are human rapists and the dolphins murder them. I was trying to figure out how the dolphins knew who to murder. now I get it. dolphins are murderers and also are rapists 




Last time I went to Epcot, my family got selected for a special "above the tanks" tour in The Seas. Our guide explained to us that they had to separate the dolphins because they kept punting the sea turtles out of the tanks. Just flinging them around like frisbees.  She called them the "jock bullies" of the seas.




And chimps rape frogs to death.




Or that there are Bhuddist Monk death squads in Nepal. My dad couldn't wrap his mind around that one.




I don't even tag him I just know




Proximo! Proximo! Proximo! Proximo!




Shadows and dust 




And they don't know that Jesus is watching




It doesn't matter if it's many that have it as a default, the fact that it's been observed **at all** for any animal shows that homosexuality is not a human construct.  




So Mayweather is just ignorant/uneducated to a fault, and Pacquiao is just another politician pandering to his people.. 

It's a weird world. 




I wrote barely, as in, he is uneducated and probably doesn't understand much of what he does read. And the election here in the Phils is very different than the USA. He can get the office with only a small portion of the vote. He has name recognition, anyway, not to mention that the elections here are incredibly corrupt. 200 pesos is all it takes to buy a vote. This is not to mention that he is an incumbent and runs unopposed in his home district. His own party disowned him befte and he had to change.




> Pacquiao is a politician

Only because of his fame




That doesn't make him respectable or smart. He could just not say anything.






I'm confident a politician (especially an American one) could operate while being illiterate. Their staffers could read necessary documents (e.g. bills) and handle emails. Honestly, they just need to be a figurehead to parrot the viewpoint of their constituencies (exactly like Pacquiao).




The fact that a punching bag - who may or may not be literate - is being asked to share his opinion regarding human rights by a puritanical religious operation... pretty much says it all




The guys risen from absolute 3rd world poverty to the top of his game, hes filthy rich and maybe a future president of the Phillipines. I assure you he is no fool




I saw it. I saw Mayweather running and hugging.




Wtf are you talking about? They both only played defense that fight




hahaha smarter than their own basic instincts? Nope.

Only animals I can think of that may even be close to making decisions like that would be squids, dolphins and the rest of the ape family tree (the one we belong in) even then, not a single scientist can prove that any of them are making the decision of knowing the difference between the two genders.

You understand the urge to reproduce is a primal instinct that causes even in us humans and cause us to make irrational decisions when we're horny right? I believe the Amygdala, is the part of the brain that we've inherited from our ancestors thats responsible for our sexual urges. 

Don't hate on me for providing facts. Sorry to burst your bubble and not contribute to you pushing your own personal agenda.




[removed]




TFC is the main filip channel in the states I'm pretty sure. There's two or three others as well. 

Got to get all that figured out for my wife once we move back to the states.




Anyone who's followed Floyd knew what was coming. I was hoping to get old Manny in the ring but doubted it




lol dude do you know what the odds were or understand how boxing bets work? You would've had to put a shit ton on Mayweather to win anything significant. 




[deleted]




American politicians should not be used as a yardstick.




Yeah... except Mayweather beats women... different kind of scumbag.




Pretty sure homosexual is treated like any other sin and everyone sins




Well, yeah, technically... if you skip past the 800 pages preaching forgiveness and tolerance and leaving judging others to God, you can find a handful of vague lines arguing against homosexuality.




[deleted]




Maybe? Depending on translation and interpretation, I've seen linguistic arguments that the oft-quoted Leviticus verse refers to men not sleeping together in a woman's bed rather than not sleeping together as if with a woman. 




You're Christianity? How did you land that gig




Hi Christianity, I'm Dad




You'd probably be surprised.  The younger generation of Christians, in my experience, are much more open-minded then their parents and grandparents.




Ha! This is great; I'm not even going to edit my original comment. 




They're not Christian if they think homosexuality is fine. That's just an LGBT Church.




>hollywood/government propaganda

BAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA.

Nevermind; I didn't realize you were a dingbat.




wearing boxers




------> Insert gay joke here <------





> A lot of those mega corporations are vertically integrated and do in fact own most of the manufacturing & distributing channels.

http://time.com/2819594/conflict-minerals-apple-google-intel-amazon/

"In regulatory filings, the tech giants continuously said they didn’t have sufficient data to fully determine whether conflict minerals were present in their products."




Not at all, but it makes sense from an environmental perspective to transport goods over a shorter distance.

That aside, my whole little rant was in jest.




Once you stack enough fire resist gear, you actually start absorbing vitality back from the fire. 




Gay superpowers, Manny and his ilk have just been trying to save us from our new overlords.




And some of those people also get hit in the head a lot.




I have a feeling there are studies that say the opposite too.  Some guy elsewhere in the thread said there are studies that show kids would likely be prostitutes or farm workers if not for the factories.  I don't see a kid in a nike factory being like an accountant or something if only the factory didn't open up. If you're able to afford going to school you probably aren't from the same pool of people who would work in a nike factory.




I must have humped a thousand timessss




[deleted]




Nike's brand appeals to wannabe rappers/basketball players, so they wouldn't lose many sales. The only reason they did this was because they didnt want a bunch of sjw death threats and an aclu lawsuit, which goes back to op was talking about. 




You think not allowing gay people the same rights as straight people is just an opinion?




By your logic, me as a dog lover, should view those who don't like dogs in the same regard as I view rapists and murderers, since we all place the same level of value on every opinion we hold. 




Not lost a sponsorship because I don't know how to behave in public and keep my mouth shut.

I disapprove of him, and now he lost his sponsorship.

That's who I am.

What are you going to do about it besides cry?




What I am saying is that he, as a human being and a person, is still a good person. Good people can hold isolated opinions that I do not agree with (and I do not agree with what he said here.) He said one despicable thing in a sea of good things he has done. That does not make him as a person bad. Just like doing one good things in a sea of bad things does not make one a good person.

You can't judge someone by one isolated incident. That's like the people who want to judge all muslims at once and say all are terrorists because a few were terrorists. look at the big picture, and don't jump to conclusions.




Thank you for providing your source. The cited document for that particular statistic makes it pretty clear that the estimated numbers are all over the place though. Be careful what you cite.




Sounds like a bunch of homephobes.  




After having the charges dropped.




True i'm just saying he isn't a saint like how everyone makes him out to be.




That's what happens with all of these witch hunts. It all makes my head reel.




There is absolutely something morally wrong with being a homophobe.




Wow! Thanks! This is the first time I got gilded! :)




Ideology? He didn't say he was opposed to gay marriage he said gay people were lower than animals. If you don't want to be responsible for your speech don't be a spokesman. 




What blatant bigotry? What inability to tolerate dissent? Are you replying to me, or are you just whipping out the fave buzzwords tolerance and bigotry to sound even more like the bots? And no matter the year, Nike pays people to represent them and can fire them when they make asses out of themselves. I look forward to more of your copy pasted nonsensical arguments. 




No, they're all about taking action *when* it affects their bottom line.  Alienating people who don't appreciate gay bashing hurts their bottom line.




They aren't sweatshops in third world countries. They are factories which follow local law and generally pay way above average. The income may be small for an American but is a lot for locals. These types of jobs are generally fought over.




The sweaty ones 




Holy shit this guy




/r/cfb is leaking.




really dude, natural?




no.. i wasn't comparing the 2..
dude said being gay isn't normal, you said it was bc its all over the animal kingdom, i said so is hunting down prey and eating it raw and that's not normal for humans to do to one another.
my point being that just because something is normal in the animal kingdom does not make it normal for humans. 
really didn't think i had to spell this out..




You haven't made any point. You can criticize gay people up and to the point where you are blaming their defects on their homosexuality.  It's no different than criticizing a black person for being black rather than their own faults. 




> What is the gay agenda? 

No different than feminist agenda or any other agenda, where they believe their needs/rights supercede the rights of others. For example, if hitler supports gays then his antisemitism is something that should be overlooked. 

The guy is trying to minimize and excuse Nike sweatshops just because Nike supported gay people. 




Gay Agenda
* wake up
* shower/shave/brush teeth
* go to work
* go to dinner with partner who also follows gay agenda
* have gay sex
* go to sleep
* repeat




Aside from the right to marry I don't think there is one...




I agree with you. My point is what Manny said was free speech. Nothing wrong with it. 




Triggered so hard that you went through my post history. Are you doing okay in your safe space? YOU PC BRAH? YOU PC?




Haha jesus yeah I can only imagine the shit Ya hear. I played hockey all growing up I've seen two significant parent fist fights in the stands. It's a sight to see but Ya know what they just come out with less respect in the end for everyone else and they look the fool with a black eye over a 8 year olds blown penalty call. 




Look, the Christian bible teaches that homosexuality is a sin. I know that the vast majority of people on reddit loathe religion and everything it stands for, but let's not forget that the United States of America wouldn't even exist without the pursuit of freedom of religion. It's a very important thing both to our nation's history and to the world's history.

That said, there's absolutely nothing wrong with Christians viewing homosexuality as a sin, any more than it is for Christians to view prostitution as a sin. Or theft. Or any other thing Christians don't like. I'm an atheist, and they're entitled to their beliefs. 

Liberalism was set out to break down Christianity from the start. That's why most liberals have no problem with Muslims, who are 10 times more oppressive towards women and homosexuals than Christians, but absolutely loathe Christianity. Liberalism is an attack on the norms of western society, so since Muslims do not represent western society, their horrendous culture gets a pass while all ire and blame is passed on to Christianity. 

Example: Christian baker refuses gay wedding. Huge liberal circus shit storm. Every muslim baker refuses gay weddings too. Does any liberal care? Nah, those Muslims are entitled to their beliefs! LOL. Stop being a sheep and open your eyes. 




Who taught you how to use quotation marks?
Just put the damn things away.  
 Maybe you are just over thinking it? Or under thinking it?
Let me break it down
I respect a man more for being honest than I do a man being a fake liar-whether I agree with him or not.
I'm sure you still don't understand so I'm just gonna bow out. Got a sure feeling your age isn't in the double digits yet.




Agreed. I believe this is what I was trying to say, but I'm not the most articulate.




That's my point, why does his opinion on gay people matter. Here he is a boxer that doesn't make a difference in most gay people's lives. Also in his homeland they have the same opinion we assume so he represents his people as a politician. Why is anyone asking him what he thinks, he gets head trauma for a living. 




What in this case do you think is not acceptable?





>You see the difference?

The type of person that writes what you're responding to will not see the difference, FYI.




Does the listerine go in my ass? In the bottle or out the bottle?

Ten minutes is a bit rapid. Will there be medical help nearby?




I think you mean "there is only one thing in the world worse than being talked about and that is not being talked about"




Of all the celebrity convictions I have seen his is the most dubious.




That's actually a very convincing argument.




Which would be weird if true. Sexual orientation is typically irrelevant unless you're trying to have sex with someone. That would imply he's only into straight men, which is kinda pretty gay.




Because all those proselyting atheist missionaries that travel to Christian countries to go door-to-door spreading the good word are such an pain in the ass.




I've never met another atheist in real life, they're only loud on reddit.




What's an "It Works!" person?




Please enlighten us on the context of rationalizing rape, pedo, and more? 




Well, you can think that. But that's not what I choose to believe. We're talking about the Jewish God, Jesus's father.




I have to be careful here. Because I am a Christian, though I'm stuck between a rock and a hard place, where this middle ground thinking doesn't satisfy either side. I know a lot of other people feel this way too, and was hoping one side would be more receptive of this.

In response to your comparison, I don't believe it is right to compare gays to black slaves. In the context of segregation, blacks were treated as not human. They were beaten by their owners, belittled by the general public, and bargained by the rich. A gay person today has more freedom than a black slave that it's disrespectful to compare the two.




I think he was trying to say that homosexuality was unnatural. Until he start arranging pogroms I don't think he needs to be crucified for having a politically incorrect opinion.

That haircut IS atrocious though, so I can see why some people vilify him.








That's not likening them to animals then 




Well we sort of are the worst animals for the environment and stuff.




idk I only read comments like the filthy animal I am.




I used to keep rabbits. They were brothers. They'd have incestuous gay sex several times a day, everyday.




Don't forget the swans.




I believe we have already established this point....






his logic is they do it, but have the "knowledge" that what they are doing is "wrong" and thats what makes them worse. its retarded. 




That's true, but I think Manny was presuming that animals don't do this/can't be gay, which is why he said people are worse than animals (or animals are better than people).




I'm sure hateful Christians would come up with some bible quote showing that animals are lesser than human to justify why animals having gay sex is bad as well, and animal like.  They are obviously full of shit.




My wife cried at this




Animals also slaughter each other and shit everywhere. 

I'm a huge proponent of gay marriage, but that argument is just dumb.

It's the equivalent to saying pot is OK because it's all natural. So are a billion other things that are terrible for you.




There was a male make couple penguin in captivity who tried to steal another penguins eggs so they could have a family. It's an amazing story. The couple actually even tried to incubate a rock that looked like an egg. 

Clearly fighting has made this guy retarded




Ya, I wish I was in the same room as Manny when he was saying that shit so I could just show him the hundreds (okay I've only seen a few, but I'm sure there are tons) of youtube videos of all the gay, interspecies, necrophilic sex the animal kingdom is having.




The exception and not the rule. There's only a handful of species that engage in homosexual relationships.




They do this for dominance, they are not sexually attracted to animals of the same sex.




implying zero homosexuality in nature, lol




Don't mind me, I just think black people aren't human. Not racism, just my opninon ^^^/s




We all know that you can say anything as long as you say it's an opinion... Or if you label it a fact. The fact of the matter is that hate speech doesn't exist, imo.




you really need to lookup the definition of hate speech.

Hate speech isn't having a backwards view on the world, or having an unpopular opinion, or even expressing an opinion that you personally hate something.   Hate speech isn't even making up flat out lies or mistruths about a group... all of those things are bad but none are hate speech. 

Hate speech is making statements about a group of people and then attempting to incite violence or other illegal actions onto those people.   If Manny said "I hate gay people and I call on all my fans to study my boxing moves and go and use them on every gay person they find" then you might have a case but that isn't what happened.

Don't change the meaning of the words / terms that have a huge weight of court decisions in many countries around the globe to meet your personal views.




No, what I'm saying is hate speech in today's society is too loosely thrown around. Everyone needs to stop acting like little bitches when the slightest of things are said.

Do you know what actual hate speech is? Hate speech is legally defined as inciting violence or promoting violence towards a certain demographic of people. At no point did manny say, "we should kill gays".




No one is arguing that what he said is correct or that it isn't disgusting... you will get push back though because you are trying to change the definition of something either because you don't know the definition or because you feel you know better than the courts of MANY countries that have defined it...

It's not hate speech - hate speech has the intent to cause violence, harm, or some other action against people.   Expressing an opinion even one as backwards as the one we are talking about isn't hate speech.  Manny is free to believe what he wishes and is free to talk about how he feels wherever he likes.

However he was signed as a public figure that represents Nike and how he carries himself in public needs to reflect positively on them otherwise they will terminate the relationship.   Nike knowing it's customer base would be offended by the remarks publically distanced them from him...  which I 100% guarantee is within their contractual rights to do so (haven't seen the contract personally however it's pretty boiler plate standard to have such a clause).

Don't change the meaning of words / terms - especially ones that have immense weight behind them.




It's a hateful opinion, but it isn't hate speech. Hate speech has a legal definition, and it's usually "to directly advocate for violence against a demographic". He didn't say "Kill all gays" or "Beat up gays".

Hateful speech =/= Hate speech




[deleted]




Even if they aren't silenced, I am OK not giving them a platform to speak from.




Well I mean, for a while Malcolm X was a racist who hated all whites until his Islamic transformation.

Some people called what he said hate speech, others agreed. It's his opinion. He can say whatever he wants as long as he isn't promoting violence. 




See this is subjective based on your opinion. You're not any more right than he is. Religious reasoning is different, in many Christians and Catholics opinions homosexuality is an undermining of their faith and ideology and has no place in the world.

I don't agree, but I can't call them wrong if that's their faith. Because then I'm being intolerant towards their religion 




Its dehumanizing. It's the same thing as comparing Jews to animals... see the problem? Once people view another group as subhuman shit generally doesn't end will. As much as I like Manny he is in a position of importance and should word himself a little better. 






Shockingly, people view hating gay people and hating bigots differently. 




If your company's PR figure made similar comments about black people, you would totally stand by him and not severe all ties?

Okay.






I'm not sure if you just can't read or not.

When I'm talking about censoring his opinion It has nothing to do with Nike, I'm talking about reddit.

People can think whatever they want regardless of how stupid it is, see communism. 




Oh of course. But there's also a LOT of people who rise up to resist those kinds of thoughts. Even when I was spending a lot of time in Kentucky and Tennessee and especially in Texas I would see those people who would defend and speak up for gay rights. 

Here, even the baklâs (transgender/third gender men who dress like women and are attracted exclusively to men) don't speak up against it. They just stay away from discussing the issue entirely. Probably out of fear, to be fair, but nevertheless.




I'm not even putting an opinion on it or debating it. I'm just saying what it is. If you truly believe something wouldn't you think it would be unjust to have someone burn forever and ever?




[deleted]




Homophobia Bad, Sweatshops Good!




Have lived in China, can confirm




You got me there 




It doesn't matter if you're delivering pizzas for Pizza Hut or knocking people out and wearing Nike. If you receive money from a company for your labor or time, hence employed, then it specifically means that they support you and also that you act in a manner that is supported and encouraged by the company who employs you. If Nike started to endorse every athlete even if they were convicted of sexual assault then it would send out a message that Nike doesn't care if their endorsements are for sexual predators or criminals etc. and that that kind of behavior is tolerated by Nike executives. This would be terrible for their image. 




...and losing money off each other. Hence the drop.




If that were the case they wouldn'tve dropped him?

Hate speech = bad PR in Western culture = good PR in Eastern culture

Bad PR = loss of $$ = bye bye Manny

He obviously didn't care enough about his sponsor to be culturally sensitive, so his maturity about the whole thing doesn't seem out of place tbh. 




Exactly!  Marketing 101, In America, *yes,* he's employed by Nike to sell their shit and to sell shit to Americans, you'd best put on a happy PC face or hit the bricks.  Welcome to "Right to Work"




One doesn't preclude the other.




Nike appears to disagree with your view.




Divorce is illegal because of religion but it's almost encouraged that men of means have mistresses as it boosts their machisimo.  Downvotes incoming from in denial Filipinos.




 "Hey look at me I'm accepting of everyone.....except for muslims, catholics, mormons, and republican americans....I'm such a great accepting person." You essentially just said, "Why generalize Asians? You should just generalize religious people and Republicans." You're such a dink. 




I don't see the divide. With the U.S. just recently legalizing gay marriage, this map shows european countries, Canada, and a few S.A. countries supporting it. I don't think you can base the support a country has for gay marriage off of where it is legal, as progression on this issue has just started to make leaps in the last 5 years. I'm sure there are quite a few  countries in the next 5 years that will legalize gay marriage and make the map appear more balanced. 




Legality and public opinion are wildly different things... especially in asia. 
My pinoy, thai, cambodia and vietnamese friends have never done a gay quip and often share lgbt stuff on facebook. 




Keep in mind that it was only.. last year? I believe? That a large part of America made that list. 




Gay marriage and tolerance of homosexuality are two different things. A map showing where homosexuality is blatantly outlawed would be more of a useful tool in gauging how homosexuality is received across the globe. Gay marriage was only recently accepted as law in many of these countries and is a progressive issue currently being debated in many places. Just because marriage hasn't yet made it into law doesn't mean homosexuality is completely not tolerated in those regions. 




Regardless of whether or not that's true, it doesn't make him any less of an asshole. This is just like the Vick dog fighting defense of "well, it's part of his culture." Vick was a dog murdering piece of shit, regardless of how/where he was raised. People who say that being gay makes someone worse than an animal are hateful assholes, regardless of how/where they were raised.




[deleted]




I vaguely remember reading something about evangelicals from the US promoting anti-gay hatred in Uganda to the point that gays are now in mortal danger there.




What's *incredibly stupid* is expecting cultures that for hundreds of years have been opposed to homosexuality to change overnight because the West says so.  I hope they do change, but it's *incredibly stupid* to expect it so quickly.




Lol so you admit you're defending a bigot?




It doesn't get much more hateful than that.




>Certainly wasn't the best way to say what he meant


Please do tell us what he was trying to say.




I mean, yeah. He definitely has a right to voice his opinion.  But your opinions can *definitely* make you an asshole.  Most of what decides whether or not someone is an asshole is their opinions, really.




If the opinion is an assholish opinion then you're probably an asshole. 




Who said he can't speak his mind? We're just saying he can't say whatever he wants and at the same time expect to remain a representative a private company.




This is what it means to have the right to be an asshole. No government is taking away his freedom. The constitution doesn't constrict the actions of Nike. 




Well of course he has that right. But he doesn't have the right to be absolved of the consequences of what he said. 




No one ever says that a person doesn't have the right to express their opinion in cases like these, they just say that there are consequences for the things you do or say, whether on an individual level, or in this case a company cutting ties. You have a right to say what you want just like I have a right to call you a fucking idiot asshole with a tiny dick or to walk away because I don't want to listen to your dumb bullshit anymore.




I was really hoping they would push brunch on everyone. 




That's my point.  They'd cost about that much if you made them in America with american laborers though.




You know nothing




Tell me about it....




Why not just be weird?




It's the "liking a transgender woman makes you a gay man" and "liking someone who used to be a child and is now an adult makes you a pedophile" insult.




Thanks, Obama!




I guess i need to sign up for the ass sex newsletter, how do you stay plugged in so well?




> under the age of 14

Well I meant specifically age 14 as the age of consent. I guess you have a point there with the slavery thing, but I mean if you go to one of these countries and have consensual sex with a normal 14 year old girl, not a prostitute, then you can still get in trouble. I'm talking about places like Italy btw.




Jus crist




Now kith.




Cheezus chrisssssst 




I just learned something about myself.  I will upvote this comment in *any* context.  It is always funny.




My mom isn't homophobic or bigoted. But she'd still destroy me if I called her an ignorant jackass.




I need the link to this. I remember it!

Edit: http://imgur.com/NuhsgPV.jpg




I just remembered too. Now gay. 




Was that post itself a riff on that post about "why my 2-year-old is crying"? 




Yeah it was for environmental science of all classes...




No, the argument against homosexuality that a lot of dumbasses throw out there is that it's unnatural. That animals don't do it.

Well animals do do it, so it's a bullshit argument on its face. Not to mention they never go into detail about why unnatural = bad in the first place. It all comes back to "hurr durr my Bible tells me so."




I think you're mixing things up. No one is saying being gay is OK just because animals do it. The argument is that it can be seen as naturally occurring, as opposed to a "sinful choice." Your point only proves that rape can be seen as natural as well. It says nothing at all about whether that makes it OK. That is a separate question.

Many people use the premise of homosexuality being natural as part of an argument for it being OK, but that isn't the full argument. I don't think you'll find many people who say just because something is natural it's automatically OK. They're just using it to refute specific arguments from religious people that homosexuality can't be biological.




err. animals also eat food and procreate. wanna call those bad as well. what he said wasn't an argument, it was a counterargument. Person 1 says that being gay is unnatural and that, as evidence, animals don't perform homosexual acts. Person 2 rebuts saying that this is not the case. No one is saying that being gay is ok because animals do it as well. 




> Being homosexual causes poor ability to function as a normal heterosexual, such as being attracted to a woman so you can mate her and have offspring.

fucking lol. it's like saying "being red makes you dysfunctional at being blue". i mean your entire comment is just freaking funny. you speak with so much authority on the subject, but it's all psudoscience and pop-evo psych bullshit. And again, dysfunction is not something you decide. is what the actual person experiences. You wanna think that homosexuality is "unnatural" or immoral, go for it, But don't use medicine to justify it. 





Hopefully Netflix picks that up as a series.




murderous rapists would get the point across much better.




Same here, no tags on him, or on /u/warlizard its just gone down in Reddit lore.




Know what? I'm missing something




Pacquiao is also very religious, so it's no surprise that he would have such beliefs even if he wasn't a politician. Not saying every religious person is homophobic, but the two occur together more often than not. 




Uhh... Mayweather is illiterate and people are predisposed not to like him whether it be to his history of domestic violence, crowning himself the greatest boxer ever, or how he throws his money in everyone's face. Of course people will fault him. 

On the other hand, Pacquiao came from humble beginnings, retained his humble demeanor, does tons of charity work, and has maintained a fantastic image. This is the only blemish on it I can remember, and in that context, it makes sense that as he transitions into politics full time yes this is a statement that is meant to appeal to his people. 

I'm not saying it's the right thing to say by any means, or that he didn't come off as ignorant with the animal kingdom comment, but it's really not weird that Mayweather gets more hate




Like a feisty little Trump or Cruz. 




And yet they both make vastly more money than me :(




The pandering is still a fault. They're both assholes if they believe that. Pac is an asshole for exploiting it for political reasons. Mayweather is an asshole and an idiot.




[You mean the Manny the politician?](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Manny_Pacquiao#Political_career)

Seems you might be the ignorant one, or too many blows to the head to know he is an elected official?




Why in the world does being at the top of boxing make you not a fool? No disrespect to boxers, but it has not bearing on either your knowledge or you intelligence.  Do you think Floyd Mayweather is a smart guy?




Hes a boxer. Mayweather is rich too.. is he smart? 

Hes  got elected because hes a national hero for boxing.




> to the top of his game

To be clear, his game is punching people, not theoretical physics.




>I assure you

Lol, based on what authority, your googlefu skills? Being able to knock people out quickly has no bearing on his intellect, and the only reason he may be President is because of his national hero status. 

>he's filthy rich

Which has *fuck all* to do with how clever he is.




Well, he did a radio interview earlier, and [here is the summary](https://www.reddit.com/r/Philippines/comments/467gg2/is_anybody_else_listening_to_manny_pacquiaos/).

>* "karumal-dumal" means highly disgusting/detestable.


He is a fool for wanting to merge the Church's teachings and the state. How would the muslims (which btw are occupying 1/3 of the country) react to this?

EDIT:

Anyway thinking about it this is his way of saving face, attributing all of his retorts for the teachings of the Bible. Philippines is a outrageously Christian country.





Well. In some ways, no. In some ways, yes.




You must be real fun at parties




You seem upset that someone disagrees with you.

I would bet elephants would be intelligent enough, I am not saying that most animals could, but a select few. Elephants are known to do many things that is more than instinct, such as visiting the grave of other elephants.




How do you know who's gay and who's not?




With Pacquiao's injury, the fight never should have taken place.

The way I looked at is was he already got his massive paycheck so why not just fight injured instead of pushing back the fight.  

With that said, he couldn't break the defense/counter that May put up with that injury so we got a boring as fuck match that ended with a decision.




Most are above 6ft, so yeah that's probably not a good idea.




(So does Bill Murray)




Man I'm not even religious, but when I was in junior high school I attended a Catholic school because it was the closest one to my house at the time. Even though I'm not gay, I'm sure I'd be going to hell because almost everything is a fucking sin.




But lets just ignore that part right because you don't agree with it...




So you can just ignore the parts you don't like? Because that part is not at all vague. I'm guessing you haven't read it or at least not recently so here it is from Leviticus 18: 

"Do not have sexual relations with a man as one does with a woman; that is detestable."

Pretty plain. But maybe you read another translation so let's find another one. The standard english version, for instance:

"You shall not lie with a male as with a woman; it is an abomination"

Bummer. Even worse. Let's try the good news translation. If there's a positive spin on it this one's surely it.

"No man is to have sexual relations with another man; God hates that."

Damn. The usual argument to ignoring this bit is that the old testament doesn't count but you've kinda given up that right since your own argument was not to skip parts of the bible.




But you don't need the book to get the good stuff. Once you start cherry picking at all, the entire notion becomes irrelevant. The book isn't needed to teach forgiveness and tolerance. That's just being a good person, good parent. 




Religion is really an all or nothing type of deal




Preach.

I'm not Christian, but I am gay, and I did grow up Christian, and I wish my family understood it the way you do.

You know. My shellfish eating, mixed fiber wearing, tattooed family members who say gay is wrong.




From the New Testament

1 Corinthians 6:9-10, "Or do you not know that the unrighteous shall not inherit the kingdom of God? Do not be deceived; neither fornicators, nor idolaters, nor adulterers, nor effeminate, nor homosexuals, 10 nor thieves, nor the covetous, nor drunkards, nor revilers, nor swindlers, shall inherit the kingdom of God."

Romans 1:26-28, "For this reason God gave them over to degrading passions; for their women exchanged the natural function for that which is unnatural, 27 and in the same way also the men abandoned the natural function of the woman and burned in their desire toward one another, men with men committing indecent acts and receiving in their own persons the due penalty of their error. 28 And just as they did not see fit to acknowledge God any longer, God gave them over to a depraved mind, to do those things which are not proper."

God says they are not allowed to go to heaven.




Oh hell if I know but what I do know is the bible I got from a kid I went to highschool with has that in there, and the shrimp and the women not teaching and the rules to owning slaves.

Just saying all that stuff is generally not good.   Cherry picking is really weird to me.  I always felt like you take it all as Gods word or you take none of it.  Just taking little bits here and there seems... disingenuous. 




[deleted]




The Episcopal Church in the United States thinks it is fine for clergy and has appointed gay bishops, and supports gay marriage. Washington National Cathedral is the Episcopal Church, they are hardly a fringe group.

>In 1976, the General Convention of the Episcopal Church declared that “homosexual persons are children of God who have a full and equal claim with all other persons upon the love, acceptance, and pastoral concern and care of the Church" (1976-A069). Since then, faithful Episcopalians have been working toward a greater understanding and radical inclusion of all of God’s children.

>Along the way, The Episcopal Church has garnered a lot of attention, but with the help of organizations such as Integrity USA, the church has continued its work toward full inclusion of lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) Episcopalians. In 2003, the first openly gay bishop was consecrated; in 2009, General Convention resolved that God’s call is open to all; in 2012, a provisional rite of blessing for same-gender relationships was authorized, and discrimination against transgender persons in the ordination process was officially prohibited; and in 2015, the canons of the church were changed to make the rite of marriage available to all people, regardless of gender.

http://www.episcopalchurch.org/page/lgbt-church

The Church of England position is that homosexual relationships are acceptable for laypersons but not clergy. This is the established Church and the largest denomination in England.

The largest Lutheran church in the US allows non-celibate gays to become ordained ministers.

The largest Presbyterian church in the US allows same sex marriage and ordains openly LGBT members in committed relationships.

The largest Protestant denomination in Canada, the United Church of Canada, ordains gay ministers and has campaigned since 1977 for sexual orientation to be protected by federal non-discrimination laws.

It's still very much a minority position in world Christianity, but you can't say that no Christian denominations accept homosexuality, many very mainstream ones do.




> BAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA.

The role of hollywood and the government and the its support of gay rights was instrumental in changing people's opinions. If you think all of a sudden people magically supported gay rights, then you are not too bright.

> Nevermind; I didn't realize you were a dingbat.

Ad hominem is the sure sign of a "dingbat". 




And protection




Oh, I'll be inserting alright.




You will find studies that indicate a short term benefit (as I mentioned) but no studies that indicate long term benefits.

The thing is the option existing gives governments an excuse to not do what is necessary to provide assistance for parents and children. I was born in a country (Chile) that went through this exact thing, while in complete poverty it was able to effectively outlaw child labor and use government programs to get the country past that first rough period, this then allows countries to develop educated professionals and those are utterly necessary for economic stability. 




You call other teenagers and yet you can't write a single sentence without name calling.




How the fuck is this getting upvoted so much? You sound so pretentious when you say that this site is a shithole cause there's too many teens that don't know philosophy and saying that the only way that you can approve of gay marriage is to hold an atheist and nihilistic position is extremely ignorant of the biblically sound justifications for gay marriage as well as all the atheists and Christians who hold non-nihilistic positions that approve of gay marriage. Also saying that non-Abrahamic can't approve of homosexuality is especially dumb. Overall this post reeks of sudo-intellectualism, it's basically like you claiming to know a lot about philosophy and theology so you say absurd statements and look down on others.




you can't hate somebody for something they are born with. a lot of religious people tend to say homosexulaity is a choice but its really not, and its stupid to argue. why would anybody choose to be homosexual in a society where its severely unaccepted (by people like you). nobody would choose the hard life, its simply a preference you are born with. now... logically that should be the end. you are born attracted to the same sex, whatever. go enjoy your life. but there are people like you who want to chime in, and say its unnatural and demonize these people, now THAT is sick. don't tell others how to live their lives. especially when they don't have a choice. in your sick little feeble mind you want people who are homosexual to just marry the opposite sex because its the right thing to do, right? you don't care if thats not what they want, its not what fulfills their own lives, they are not happy... you simply dont care, whats right is right. its gods word, right? fuck you.


EDIT: also, you really are insulting to homosexual people, I read the comments I brushed it off but after reading your words, its hard to take your beliefs seriously when you have this much hatred ingrained in your so called "logic". to be honest it doesn't sound like logic at all, just hatred that's pathetically backed up by false logic based on "the fucking bible". fyi, not every one is an imbecile on this planet, there ARE people who don't rely on a fucking bible to shape their views and their lives. see? i can be insulting too, just in a way smarter way then you ever can, due to your own stupid fucking religion limiting your ability of critical thinking. so please, don't ever believe that you are smarter then any non religious person, whenever you do, just think back to this post, you really aren't. you're backwards, you are a tool and you are a waste of life. fuck your beliefs and your hatred. 




You can absolutely blame someone for their attitude; why not?

Believing normal people are somehow evil because a preacher told you so IS an asshole thing to do, and ignorant on top of that.

> This site is a shithole.

Sometimes it's a good idea to look into a mirror before blaming others.




There are plently of people to appose homosexuality? God, you are an asshole. And you say the ONLY way to appose if you are an atheist? What about all the christians that are fine with homosexuality? And nice use of "DAE PHILOSOPHY?" on why you think being gay is wrong. Yes, it's wrong to be something I have no control of, my bad, let me just STOP being gay since it's so wrong.... OH WAIT, I CAN'T BECAUSE PEOPLE ARE FUCKING ***BORN*** THAT WAY.




You believe that Nike is making this business choice due to concerns about death threats and a lawsuit from the ACLU?
 
And that, since their market only consists of wannabe rappers and basketball players, there's no business reason for them to be distancing themselves from someone making comments like his?
 
An interesting interpretation of the situation.




When did he say they shouldn't have the same rights?




Yup, that's my logic. 100%. Good job.




> He said one despicable thing in a sea of good things he has done. That does not make him as a person bad.

What if he called for violence against gay people? Would he still be a *good* person? 

One more thing you're missing is that a bad person can still do good things. In particular, when you're doing good things for "people like you" and spread hate towards "people unlike you".

> You can't judge someone by one isolated incident. That's like the people who want to judge all muslims at once and say all are terrorists because a few were terrorists.

Eh, no. You can't judge all Muslims at once because they're different persons. Pacquiao is one person. But even aside from your example, we judge people by one incident all the time. I'd say we judge *the incident* itself. Is anyone saying that Pacquiao is a monster with nothing redeeming about him? No, not at all. But the things he said are incompatible with his relationship with Nike.




Of course they're all over the place. Not all gay and trans people in this situation are going to be willing to admit this, and different regions are going to have different demographics and hence different percentages.




[removed]




Media loves click bait.




I disagree. We should be allowed to like/dislike whatever we want. 




Yes, local law is so often consistent with objectively fair labor standards, too. 




Mr Kratz?




Yes. It's existed throughout human history and is present in nearly the entire animal kingdom from mammals to insects. Totally natural. 




But it is normal in humans. It's existed for all of recorded history and across all known civilizations. How is that not normal?




That's way too inoffensive to be true. 




Oh, okay. 

I guess it's just a trained response right now. When people say "but, free speech", it seems they tend to mean, "free speech is protected, that means that there should be no consequences for what you say, from anywhere" 




Program Counter




I'm just trying to point out the whole "We only hate the sin" argument falls at the first hurdle with 2 broken legs.

As for the Muslim baker thing, I agree with you, Islam does seem to get a free pass for a lot of it's bullshit for some reason, like when people blamed Rushdie for writing The Satanic Verses as opposed to the Mullahs issuing fucking fatwas on his life but I'd attribute that to fear of reprisal more than any kind of agenda, Islam definitely doesn't have a monopoly on extremist nutjob sects but their atrocities definitely get the most attention.




Pacquio's views in this case.




the listerine is for me. and so it tingles a bit for you. but mostly for me. dont worry bout it.




Username of the poster is relevant.




More to the point:

Nike drops the pro-gay shtick when advertising in the Philippines and in China and Russia and even in many European countries.

Nike re-defines its own image based on the country in which it's operating.




What is Americosis?




I've yet ever had a Christian bug me door to door or on the street or at any point in my life in 40 years either. In fact I've heard more atheist crying about shit online then I have Christians. 




When did I you last see a missionary of any kind?




and in 40 years I've never had some one bug me to talk to me about jesus or tell me I'm going to hell, and I'm covered in tattoos and pagan symbols. yet on Reddit it seems to happen every day to these people. 




A person that shills It Works! stuff.




[deleted]




You can be an apologist if you'd like,  but he actually said gay people are worse than animals and he went on to describe why. 




The pedantry is strong in this thread




My (male) dog humps my leg all the time




Thats nice, I guess. 




In a dance as old as time.




I wish I'd known this before, when my mom told me what I was doing was *unnatural*.




It's not meant as an argument that stands alone without context. The "animals have gay sex too" argument is always a reply to people arguing that homosexuality is unnatural. Your point should apply to the anti homosexuality people who use the "unnatural" argument in the first place.




You almost made sense.

Then you added that last line.

You can't call an argument dumb and then follow it with *that*.




There was a male make couple in captivity who tried to steal another inmates baby so they could have a family. It's an amazing story. The couple actually even tried to raise a rock that looked like a baby.




If by "handful" you mean several thousand.




Really? There are no gay animals? Humans are the only ones?

I presume you've got a couple of peer-reviewed articles to back that up?




https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Homosexual_behavior_in_animals if you look in here you'll see that courtship is involved in some of these species.  There appears to be a plethora of reasons animals engage in same sex activity.




I lived in nearly 8 states when I was younger, with relatively consistent once-a-week catholic school night class wherever we moved up until confirmation. 

I used to think there was no homosexuality in nature too, until around 9th grade when I met a friend with a gay dog. Changed my whole perspective. 




manny pac has probably just never seen homosexuality in non-humans. 




Of course that is racist. Of course that is idiotic and misguided. But it is not and should not be illegal to be racist, homophobic, sexist or anything else. Your actions, and absolutely never your beliefs should be legislated against or we are well into 1984 thought crime territory.




I wouldn't dare judge you, because then I'm just as bad as a racist. /s




https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hate_speech

No one was talking about legality.




It ain't as clear cut as you think. Many countries define hate speech as promoting hatred, disrimination, or prejudice, without promotion of violence being a necessary factor. In the US, there is no overarching legal definition of hate speech.  




You're not really making sense. Even if opinions are opinions until acted upon that doesn't change the fact that it's intentionally subjugating a class of people (I.e. they're worse than dogs) based on an aspect of them that they have no control over. Whether or not they act on it, it's still hate speech. People always seem to confuse the acceptance of moral relativism with thinking that there are zero grounded ways of evaluating moral issues.




I agree.




Why? How about challenging his misguided views openly. Censoring his views just makes it appear to anyone who might think similarly to him (and there are many) that you aren't capable of arguing against that crap and thus that he has a point.




[deleted]




That's not really what he was saying, though.  He wasn't dehumanizing them, he was simply saying what they did was not natural.  That appeals to "natural" not to "human."  He wasn't saying they were like animals . . . he was saying they WEREN'T like animals.

Many people deride that which is perceived as unnatural, but it's not really dehumanizing.  Many aspects of modern humanity are very non-natural.

And, to be fair, Nike refers to people as "unnatural" too:

https://twitter.com/nikeaustralia/status/679184498865471488




People are also fickle and inconsistent.

The issue at hand is how do you define something, not how consistent are people in applying a definition.




Arguing that he's stupid isn't censorship. Where do you see anybody arguing he is not allowed to think whatever he wants? 




If I thought it would be unjust, wouldn't that mean I disagreed with God's own moral judgments?

Do you think Manny Pacquaio disagrees with the God that he believes in?

If not, what he's also saying is that gay people *deserve* to burn in a lake of fire for all of eternity.

And I think it's not a stretch to call that hate speech. Obviously still protected by the first amendment... but also hate speech.




Manny gets new sponsor in China, found the silver Li-Ning to a bad situation.




Honestly, his statement didn't lose them any money (and dropping him just scored them some huge PR). Win for Nike either way.




[deleted]




You'll hear no disagreement from me.




You're getting into a really complicated part of identity politics here, but let's just say that you formed your own values and ideals in an environment where supporting LGBT rights is seen as a GOOD thing.

Ah, hell, I may be downvoted for this, but...

Suppose that in an alternate dimension male-on-male sex was something we've never seen before, and the first exposure you get of it is from your parents or your local authority declaring it inhumane. If you were born in such an environment, nobody would have told you that these comments were radical in, say, the Western world. 

So it does matter a HUGE deal where and how you were raised. A very big deal. Because I was also born in a Western environment I consider Pacquiao's comments to be rather abhorent, but I can understand how his upbringing led him to believe that such comments would not be so controversial. 




Would you like to rebut my point?

Egalitarianism is a direct result of the Western enlightenment.

EDIT: I'm not sure why this has become a controversial comment. I know it is difficult to admit that the West, author and finisher of all modern ills, may have once originated a genuinely Good Idea, but I'd be fascinated to hear how the argument for the equality of all persons - regardless of sex, color, religion or ability - started anywhere but the West.

Am I arguing that the West follows that philosophy perfectly or even well? Absolutely not.

Am I arguing that that idea *started* in the West? Yes, and that much is more or less beyond dispute. 




Sorry, that's not even close to your original argument. An argument that was, in fact, incredibly stupid.




Are you serious? Of course I am. Being a bigot doesn't make somebody a bad person. By your logic, it does, which is why you hate most of the people in the world.

That makes you a racist, xenophobic, bigot

Good luck mingling in other countries




So why is he a bigot? There's nothing about what he said to make him bigoted (Intolerant). Does he think all gay people should be discriminated against? Does he believe they should be incriminated? Does he think they should be completely removed from society? Would he roll his eyes in disgust every time he finds out someone is gay? That would make a bigot and hateful.

All you know about him is that he thinks homosexuality is bad. Maybe he does think that stuff, we don't know. Although until you could be utterly certain about it, calling him a bigot is simply name calling because you don't like him and his beliefs. 




He thinks homosexuality is bad. 




No they wouldn't.  Shoes actually made in America cost less than Nikes made elsewhere.

The reason Nikes cost more is because they limit the supply of product inflating the demand as well as the sticker price; they'd still be able to make a profit if they sold the exact same product at the exact same price if it was manufactured here.




Oh sorry, i thought you were being snarky and saying that shoes are stupid and expensive like allot of people do on reddit and imgur.




I cant think of any shoe that retailed for 800 dollars right now.




This exchange is one of the many reasons I love Reddit.




Hate to do this to ya but...thanks Bush!




Lawrence v. Texas was a huge watershed case that was in the news for months, in all mainstream media outlets. So I guess the answer to your question would be "pull your head out of your ass and pay attention to what's going on around you."




[deleted]




Do you kiss your mother with that mouth?

Oh hell no, she would fucking kill me.




That's fucking adorable.




Nothing to be done. 




The president said something and he replied as a top comment with a photo saying "NP, -jstryor" (he spelled his name wrong). I'll try to find link later 




Which is odd because Filipinos, while mostly hardcore Catholics, have a lot of gay celebrities that they pretty much worship. And a lot of them are openly gay/transsexual, if not just extremely feminine.




It's because they have a moral barometer.

Edit: lel downboats? Guess[ Steve Harvey](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9hTnmZkHnTE) jokes are out this week.




Jesus Christ, how is being religious make you automatically homophobic? If your religion says homosexuality is wrong and a sin, you have a right to believe that. The problem is when those religious people hate on gay people instead of just disagreeing with the concept of homosexuality.




You must not follow Pacquiao. He has had gambling and drinking problems and, despite his views on the sanctity of marriage, has serially cheated on his wife.




uhh Mayweather also does tons of charity work. It hilarious how little reddit acutally knows of mayweather. Pacman is only in office because of his fame, nothing more.




Dude.... Mayweather didn't come from humble beginnings?

I mean, his early childhood is as humble as it gets in a country like America




How fun would Manny vs Cruz + Trump be? All three in the ring.




yes, I know. That makes it even worse.

Bigoted, gambling, philandering, palooka who jumped on the cross instead of learning to read? He should run for US president!




You must not be into sports.




Did you watch the fight dude? Or are you just jumping blindly onto the anti-Pacquiao circlejerk?




You seem upset that you know nothing about the animal brain and instincts.

Stay in school kiddo then maybe you'll learn how evolution works. 




Straight guys turn down his offers for sex. 




Manny's wasn't injured.

Dude was healed by magic salt water.




You think most politicians are over 6ft tall?




Average Filipino male height is 5'5" so they'd be too tall for a yardstick too. 




And Sean Connery




Well pretend you have a book that says two things: the first is that red is the best color, over and over and over again.  The second, in really small and vague letters is blue is the best color.

If absolutely forced to choose one, would it be logical to accept red as the more logical answer?  Also, in this case, even if the bible does say to hate homosexuality (note, it spends far more time condemning any sex any purpose outside procreation), that doesn't in any way conflict with the lessons of humility and not judging others.




I sure hope you never eat shellfish, have meat on fridays, wear mixed fabrics, work on the sabath, have sex before marriage or ever consider divorce.

...but hey, those are trivial things, right?  Clearly the message of the bible is that hating people has priority.




http://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2015/06/05/us/samesex-scriptures.html?_r=0

http://www.stopbibleabuse.org/biblical-references/leviticus.html




They don't follow the Bible to the letter more specifically on the subject of homosexuality, that makes them illegitimate and quite frankly, suspect on that basis alone. Homosexuality in the text is a sin just like the others.

> It's still very much a minority position in world Christianity, but you can't say that no Christian denominations accept homosexuality, many very mainstream ones do.

Hey, I agree with you. Those just aren't real christian churches, they're groups of people fooling themselves. They may as well let go of religion entirely. 




Well... I'm waiting...




Seriously guys? Are we really not doing phrasing anymore?




It's a choice... 
And please stop talking. You show no proof, logic, or reasoning. Saying "fuck your beliefs" is not going to get anyone on your side 




[deleted]




He didn't.  That's why I said it *reminds* me...I was drawing a parallel to what the previous poster said about progressives hating someone for having a bigoted opinion




> What if he called for violence against gay people? Would he still be a good person?

The guy isn't physically attacking homosexuals or telling other people to, so this line of questioning is clearly you trying to setup a straw man.

He's just one of countless people on this planet that finds homosexuality icky. Remember that only a few years ago the majority of Americans were still against same-sex marriage. And I believe last I heard polls were still hovering around the 45-50%. Go to South America and disapproval is by far the norm, which is the context these things were said in. No matter how much it upsets your enlightened self, the entirety of humanity isn't one big American white collar monoculture.




Another explanation is that some of the original sources might be incorrect.




I was referencing the fact that [the source of the source](http://www.thetaskforce.org/static_html/downloads/HomelessYouth.pdf) (which is a self-published meta study by an organization titled "Washington DC: National Gay and Lesbian Task Force") lists a large number of highly inconsistent statistics, and doesn't go into them with great detail. You would have to look into the individual citations within that highly politicized meta study to get any idea of a) what the original studies actually concluded, and b) how well they were conducted. For the particular statistic citing 42% appears to have been conducted by a youth group. A fucking youth group.




It is immoral to believe something without just reason for that belief. There is no just reason to be a bigot. Therefore bigotry is morally wrong.




No, this is Patrick




and what is the purpose of this natural activity, might I ask.




[deleted]




being gay or cannibalism?
actually it doesn't even matter which bc even though both have been recorded throughout history, that doesn't mean either of them are normal..




Here's the problem... I know very religious Christian people and they are great people, whether or not they believe homosexuality is a sin.

They are misguided, not hateful. Just because some Christians hate gays doesn't mean the religion does. The religion teaches to treat all others as you would treat yourself. 

Here's the confusion: From a religious  family, so I know this very well. Christians want to HELP the 'sinner.' A gay is leaving a sinning lifestyle in their mind, so they want to HELP them stop sinning. 

Sure, scientifically, people are born gay. But that doesn't matter to them. This is ignorance, not hate. 




Why? He is entitled to his opinion, you're entitled not to like it. That is how the world works. However, this is the same Nike that didn't drop LeBron and other athletes for their stand on Michael Brown and his fuck the police attitude at the time. Seems like a double standard.




A wild sci-fi tale involving a naked time traveller, an STD tearing through the bright young things of New York City that seizes it's victims personalities and degrades their bodies in a drive to infect others, and a Presidential candidate who has regular conversations with the archangel Gabriel. If it sounds interesting, you can download a free copy at [Amazon](http://www.amazon.com/Americosis-Vol-1-Haydn-Wilks-ebook/dp/B011D804GW) or [Smashwords](http://www.smashwords.com/books/view/561448)!




That's because you visit a progressive forward-thinking website like Reddit. I'm sure you'll get less atheists in some of the dumber corners of the interwebs.




About a year ago. Morman missionaries in South Korea. Also, I have a cousin who's pretty religious (baptist) and was looking into doing missionary work in Africa for a while. It's still pretty commonplace.

EDIT: And there were some British guys handing out leaflets about Catholicism in a town in the Netherlands I'm now at a few months ago. Given they were in a foreign country, I think you could reasonably call them missionaries.

EDIT 2: Now I think about, I used to get someone knock on my door to spread the good word at least once every 2 months when I was living in Korea. Also older people coming up to you on the subway and blabbering on about Christ and giving you a leaflet was a very common occurrence.

 And I stayed at a hostel in Paris once where this American Christian youth group were staying. One of the guys was in the same dorm room as me and told me he was planning to go do missionary work in China because he heard that they execute missionaries. Firstly, I very much doubt the Chinese government are going to execute a U.S. citizen for prosleytsing, and secondly, I couldn't really make sense of why the potential death penalty made that an attractive option. Martyrdom I guess?




Two days ago. Jehova's witnesses.

Also yesterday, on the donation envelope my christian family was mailing to missionaries. 




true pagan.  capitalisation for Reddit, but not jesus.

edit: CapItAlls




What is "It Works!" stuff?  Never heard of it.




Yes that was implied. Are you like one of those wish genies that will try as hard as possible to be obtuse?




That clearly says any one that not a virgin kill them. Those who are virgins keep them to have sex with. That means little girls as Muhammad had all the way to Women. Why didn't the all mighty say ask the girls if they wish to fuck you or be yours? Cause what they just did was slavery. You will say whatever the fuck you want to justify your crazy book won't you?! It's right there in the passage that it's okay to take the virgins aka those above and below 13, as wife's aka raping them and enslaving them, and kill all men that would stop or can't be raped by you. 




I think that tolerance doesnt have to mean rabid endorsement, and that by overreaching with the definition of hate speech we invite censorship for crushing dissent as opposed to protecting individuals.






Welcome to reddit.




Mine just fucks my couch when I'm not home and leaves me dog jizz stains to clean up. 




Ok, please explain why marijuana is ok simply because it's "natural."




He's got a point. Cyanide is all natural, just like pot.




[deleted]




It's basic biology, go read some books. 




Or bothered to read up on the subject before spewing off his ignorant bullshit. 




Legislation hasn't come into this, or legality. It's one private party no longer paying another private party to be their spokesperson based on comments from said spokesperson.




outside of the law there is no "hate speech" it's just talking, dumb ideas, etc...   Hate Speech has a very specific definition... would you agree with people using terms like "rape" in lesser scenarios?   Don't dilute the meaning of a word




So what if he said "Pedophiles are worse than animals"? Whether you are on moral high ground or not your argument and the argument of most people in this thread is shit. In modern day it is considered bigoted to talk poorly about gay people. Don't make it more complex than it is. It's not about the fact that he is "subjugating a class of people (I.e they're worse than dogs) based on an aspect of them that they have no control over". It's about the fact that he is talking about gay people and that he isn't in line with the majority. Nobody would be complaining if he Said "ISIS members are worse than animals" or "Pedophiles are worse than animals" or "Murderers are worse than animals" or "People who think dogs are better than cats are worse than animals". 




Because at some point, there are too many idiots to listen to. Giving someone who hasn't proved their arguments the same platform to speak from as someone who has studied the issues doesn't help anyone.




I agree, but it's wrong to call it hate speech. Because it's not. 




He said they are "worse than animals"




He literally said about gay people: “Animals are better because they can distinguish male from female. If men mate with men and women mate with women, they are worse than animals.”

So yeah, he's not saying they're like animals, yay! He's saying they're worse than animals! That's so much better! [except not](http://www.starwipe.com/article/man-who-punches-people-living-somehow-not-paragon--2054) and let's not go around spreading misinformation?




Eh, not really inconsistent. Hating a person because they're a bigot might be bigotry in itself. People just don't give a shit because bigots are shitty people. It's ok to not like shitty people. 




People are calling it hate speech. 

It's not.

And yes, it is legally defined;

In law, hate speech is any speech, gesture or conduct, writing, or display which is forbidden because it may incite violence or prejudicial action against or by a protected individual or group, or because it disparages or intimidates a protected individual or group.




No when I'm saying if you think it's unjust I'm not saying what God's opinion is is unjust. I'm saying it would be unjust to not bring your brothers and sisters to the "light" and not have them suffer. If you truly believed in your religion you are morally obligated to make other people follow your religion so that they shall not suffer.




Well then it would appear that ~~your~~ *that other person's* claim that "celebrity's don't get sponsorships to be pillars of virtue, they get chosen for cold hard cash" is a bit of a false dichotomy.




I think you are right in a narrow sense, but many cultures have expressed a yearning for certain types of equality throughout history. I'm a bit familiar with Indian history, and you can see a lot of the same in Indian history.

For example, look at the numerous religious movements that arose in significant part as a protest to the hierarchical caste system. This includes religions like Buddhism, Jainism, and Sikhism, as well as then-reformist movements in Hinduism like the Bhakti movement and Vedanta. There have been movements / belief systems passionately against inequality in wealth among people in India prior to colonialism. 

It's true that the philosophical contours and nuances of "rights," as well as the very term "rights" is Western in origin. But the thirst for certain types of equality and egalitarianism in certain circumstances is rather universal and expresses itself in many different ways. 

You don't need to know the textbook definition of what a "right" is to feel pain when you are discriminated against for things you have no control over and/or is an important part of your identity, nor do you need to know the textbook defintiion of what a "right" is to empathize with such pain. 




Well I'm glad we got that out of the way.




> So why is he a bigot? There's nothing about what he said to make him bigoted (Intolerant).

Dehumanizing someone because they're doing something you don't like is definitely intolerant.

> Does he think all gay people should be discriminated against? Does he believe they should be incriminated? Does he think they should be completely removed from society? Would he roll his eyes in disgust every time he finds out someone is gay? 

Highly likely. That's all consistent with equating someone to animals - discrimination, exclusion, disgust. 

> All you know about him is that he thinks homosexuality is bad. Maybe he does think that stuff, we don't know. 

We don't know? Please... If it's some kind of mistake, he could have clarified it in his "apology". And bigot is a factual term, like liar. So it's not even close to name-calling.




naw man i love a dope pair of kicks, gosh what do you take me for




Nah I prefer shaved




Hate do do *this* to *ya*, but.... thanks Kennedy, Stevens, Souter, Ginsburg, Breyer, and O'Connor!




You come across as really puckered up about my ignorance of court rulings involving assholes.  I really don't follow ass news very closely, in fact,  my ass follows me.




*Exclusively* with that attitude.




"Then I remembered swans can be gay" became a meme that was beaten into the ground in an overwhelming fashion that only reddit can do.




Hey aren't you the guy who fucks with scorpions?




"Some are born great, some achieve greatness, and some have greatness thrust upon them." -William Shakespeare

Perhaps you, sir, fit all three.




Hey aren't you that guy from the lizard porn forum?




How did that start anyway? It must be years.




Many of those people are from the Metro-Manila area however. Pacquiao is originally from the more provincial area and governs a rather rural area. 




Pacquiao isn't Catholic though. He's an evangelical Christian.




Interesting choice of words, as a barometer will only tell you what the current pressure is. A compass would tell you which way to go.




 I don't follow Harvey so I never would've gotten that reference without the link. 




>If your religion says homosexuality is wrong and a sin, you have a right to believe that.

You have a right to believe that, yes, just like I have a right to call you (not necessarily *you* you, more of a hypothetical here) a dumbass for thinking there's a magical sky daddy who cares deeply about which gender you prefer to fuck.




>not saying every religious person is homophobic

Did you even read or just react?




Uhhhh I didn't say he didn't, I listed reasons why people would be quicker to give Pacquiao the benefit of the doubt. Mayweather may do charity work, but it's not part of his public persona. It was a popular story when after the big fight Pacquiao went and spent time with the poor while Mayweather went out and partied.

But reading comprehension obviously isn't your strong suit




And if that goes well we can do a Mayweather vs Hillary + Fiorina.




You must not be into jokes




It was a joke dude, relax. No one gives a shit about your boxing knowledge




Look at Mr. Superior here. 

Why do you get so upset when people disagree with you over the internet? :)




They say they're over 6' but their opponents say they're under 5' but in reality, no one cares except them.




The problem is it's not highlighted red or blue, all the text is the same. You are just making the distinction for yourself because you don't agree with it. The book however doesn't make a distinction it is all the same. 




I don't care what the bible says on any subject when I consider what to do so it doesn't concern me at all.

> Clearly the message of the bible is that hating people has priority.

It's kinda of a big deal since tons of people take the bigotry to heart and acts on it. It's in no way an exhaustive list of all the shitty things the bible contains.




> They don't follow the Bible to the letter

Most Christian denominations don't, the idea that the Bible needs to be taken literally to the letter is an extremist fringe position pushed primarily by American Protestant fundamentalists, it isn't and never has been the mainstream position in world Christianity.




Your username speaks for itself.




Oh please, the bible is pure fucking bullshit, anyone who talks shit about gay people cuz the bible are fucking stupid who do a LOT of things the bible shouldn't do, so theyre hippocrites. And cmoparing pedos to gay people is ***SO*** original. Heres the FUCKING DIFFERENT BETWEEN PEDOS AND PAY PEOPLE. Gay people usually are FUCKING TEENAGERS HAVING SEX WITH TEENAGERS OR ADULT HAVING SEX WITH ADULTS, AND THERE IS THIS THING CALLED CONSENT, YES THERE ARE SOME BAD APPLES BUT ITS JUST LIKE STRAIGHT PEOPLE. And whats the different for a pedo? OH YEA, NO *****FUCKING**** CONSENT because **THEY.** **FUCK.** **CHILDREN.* Children who cant consent to it, you realize your such a hyprotie an asssholr right?




>You do realize the same happens with pedophiles, right? Exactly the same. All people have to fight different things. A psychopath is born that way, does that excuse him?

This is the exact point your argument lost any ounce of credibility it had left. Acting on your homosexuality doesn't hurt anyone physically or emotionally. Acting on your psychopathic tendancies, or your pedophilia fetish absolutely hurts people. That is the key difference. Why is it okay for Christians and other retarded religions to discriminate against people who aren't hurting them?

Also, your argument is full of logical fallacies. If you want anyone to take what you have to say, knock off the bull shit tactics such as, "if you think this, then you are stupid" or "anyone who believes this is discredited" etc. Those are fallacies. People have different opinions and that is okay. Your opinion is no more important than those supporting gay marriage. 

And for the record, I completely support manny. We all have a right to our stupid opinions and he didn't harm anyone with his statements. It baffles me why anyone would even care about a Christian saying mean things about gays. 






People are hypocrites? No way




The thing is you are a bigot to the people on the other side too. It doesn't make either side more right than the other by labeling them a bigot.




Turns out Pacquiao actually [posted](http://www.tmz.com/2016/02/18/manny-pacquiao-death-to-the-gays/) a quote from Leviticus calling for death to gays. It's not surprising - he's not the first "Christian" to do that, but you can't keep pretending it's just about homosexuality being "icky".




[removed]




> He's just one of countless people on this planet that finds homosexuality icky.

And he's free to both hold that belief and communicate it publically. BUT... everyone is also free to hold that against him, if they so do wish (regardless of how many babies he saved from malnourishment with his bare hands), which is what you seem to be complaining about.

Deal with it.

> You can't judge someone by one isolated incident.

Except that it's not just some "one isolated incident". As pointed out by others, this is not the first time Manny voices out his hate for gay people. In 2012, he was already pointing out that gay people should be put to death (http://bossip.com/586277/hi-hater-manny-pacquiao-believes-that-gays-should-be-put-to-death-43081/).

And, again... he is 100% within his right to say such things. He just can't be surprised if people also find him "icky".

...even if he's saving 23849248932 babies per day.

Deal with it.




> The guy isn't physically attacking homosexuals or telling other people to, so this line of questioning is clearly you trying to setup a straw man.

No, I'm trying to figure out the logic of the OP. Is there *anything* Pacquiao could say that would actually outweight the good things he's done?

Also, dehumanizing a group of people like that can lead to increased violence against them.

> He's just one of countless people on this planet that finds homosexuality icky.

Doesn't make it good. More importantly, what he said is much more than "I find it icky". The very reason he brought up animals is that he was making a wider argument that homosexuality is unnatural - and that's more than his feelings.




[removed]




I disagree. If I want to believe something it is my right. No one can take that away from me. 




Sweety, you've got to start learning how to spell your name.




What's the purpose of sleeping?




Are you suggesting that "retards" aren't natural? You think they're superficial or supernormal?




Again, something occurring doesn't make it normal. What makes something normal is commonality. 




He's entitled to his ~~opinion~~ views, and he's entitled to express it, but he's not entitled to say no one can react to it.

Also, that's only a double standard if he was being fired for "expressing a view."




Well, guess that's in the US and third world countries... Here in Europe we learn about missionaries as a thing of the past, existing in the Middle Ages




Google it. I think the energy drinks might be good though. The tummy bands have hormones in them though.




Yes. Trolololo




That's terrible




It isn't okay because its natural. Its okay because its demonstratively not harmful for most people. You're moving the goalposts. The all natural thing only comes up in regards to manufactured drugs/alcohol and why its illegal. It comes up again because its hilarious that a *non harmful plant* is illegal. Your post made it seem as though youre of the viewpoint that pot is harmful - it really isn't.

Bananas are okay. Do I have to explain to you that they're okay despite *being unnatural*?

How about oranges?

Its just a shitty line of logic is all.






Marijuana is the least damaging drug for your health by far. Alcohol and tobacco are way worse.




And bears!




Homosexual behavior has been directly documented in over 1,500 species and is believed to occur in several thousand more, mostly mammals and birds. 




>It's basic biology

Nope, you're making shit up and pretending it's basic biology




That's just not true. It's commonly used outside of conversations about legality and it's not hard to see the implication.

http://www.americanbar.org/groups/public_education/initiatives_awards/students_in_action/debate_hate.html




What platform are you talking about? It sounds like you have a problem with a specific form of platform. It's not like debates commonly invite racist Joe they found on the streets, nor should someone who once made a sexist joke years ago be disallowed from using Facebook and any other social media platform. It's all rather nonsensical.




Not to mention it's not even factually correct, to quote the great Stephen Fry "260 animals exhibit gay tendencies but only one exhibits homophobia which is really unnatural?"




By this definition it pretty clearly qualifies. Calling people "worse than animals" is something that could reasonably "incite violence or prejudicial action" . . . "because it disparages" . . . "a protected individual or group". Are you not aware that hate crimes against LGBT people are very prevalent? 






> I'm saying it would be unjust to not bring your brothers and sisters to the "light" and not have them suffer.

Why would it be unjust to let them experience God's justice? Isn't that a contradiction in terms?




[deleted]




So you admit to being a racist, xenophobic, bigot then. Glad we go that out of the way




>Dehumanizing someone because they're doing something you don't like is definitely intolerant.

You can hold low and dissenting views of someone/something and still be tolerant. If he does nothing more than hold an opinion of someone/something I fail to see how that makes someone bigoted.

>Highly likely. That's all consistent with equating someone to animals - discrimination, exclusion, disgust.

So you are willing to say you made assumptions about him in order to label him certain terms? Which could very likely be false?

>We don't know? Please... If it's some kind of mistake, he could have clarified it in his "apology". And bigot is a factual term, like liar. So it's not even close to nand-calling.

He did clarify in his apology. Just because it's a factual term doesn't mean it can't be misused. If I called someone a liar despite them not being one with the motivation to tarnish and demean them, that could certainly be considered name calling.




r/sneakers we outchea




Obviously. But if he's gonna thank a president in term for the supreme courts decisions, he may as well thank the right president.




If you're going to make a stupid claim about the law, you should at least make sure that the laws are still enforced.




Nope, Sir we've had complaints from the management. We'd wish for you to politely leave. Unless you want a lickin. *Raises fist*




I hear what you're saying about reddit beating jokes into the ground, but I think it's more important that we dispel once and for all with this fiction that Obama doesn't know what he's doing. 




I kill them. 




And some have their own gaming forums.




Nice! Thanks :)




I have found that Filipinos generally are quite tolerant of gay/bisexual lifestyles regardless of whether they live in the Metro Manila area or not. 

While Europe has become a lot more tolerant, 'gay-bashing' and general discrimination was still quite a common thing until relatively recently. 

Yet in the 'highly religious' Philippines I have witnessed many, many more gay and transsexual people going about their daily lives with little to no discrimination, seemingly being readily accepted by their families and communities. I know a few families with gay/transexual members and they are just accepted by the rest of the family - the whole ostracism thing of gay family members that happens in many places does not seem to be a thing in the Philippines.

(Please note: I am not saying discrimination doesn't happen in the Phils - I am sure there are plenty of examples but it's not that obvious to a casual observer). 





Interesting, didn't know it concentrated in Manila. 




Moral barometer has been a joke meme for a long time. It even got recirculated recently with his Miss whatever gaffe. (Universe?)




> Mayweather may do charity work, but it's not part of his public persona.

No need for that backhanded insult, since you omitted this premise in your previous comment. 




I barely watch boxing so I'm not trying to flaunt my knowledge, I'm just trying to call you out on your bullshit hate-bandwagon




Well for one, wasn't upset and I'm only stating facts.

You and me both damn well know 99% of the animal kingdom isn't smart enough to even wipe their own asses let alone being able to overcome reproductive urges that are controlled by millions of years of evolution and decide whether or not that animal over there that's their same species is a male or female or not (my guess just another hole for them to hump, gotta spread that seed before an apex predator comes and kills you before nightfall...)

Look, even humans become rather dumb when they're horny/turned on due to a part of our brain that has existed in our ancestors for millions of years that carries with it millions of years of instincts. 




At the risk of sounding rude, bullshit.  There are tons of repeated and consistent messages in the bible.  If you want to be really simplistic, the core of which is be nice to people... not only to people who don't mean you harm, like homosexuals, but even people that do.  Turn the other cheek and lead by example.

If you're combing through the bible to look for reasons that you're better than others, or reasons to look down on them, you're doing it wrong.  As a Christian, you should know full well that we're all God's children and we're all sinners, without exception.

The bible is means to remind us that we're small, we're weak, we're flawed but still God loves us anyways, and frankly, anyone who tries to use it to condemn innocent people using it is scum, and really isn't religious at all, they're just opportunistic assholes eager to blow their own horn and convince themselves that they're awesome.




That's why it's counter productive to their ultimate goal. They may as well let go of it because they're wasting time.




If your name is a derivative of "Dakota" it means Big Penis inf Filipino Gay linggo.




[deleted]




[deleted]




I said he's an idiot for his opinions, mainly because he uses objectively wrong information to form that opinion, and refers to a group of human beings as "worse than animals."  Yes, I consider that to be bigotry, and to say that I'm a bigot for thinking so?  If that's the case, I guess we can never call out racists or any group that hates another based on their own faulty logic




Well fuck.




You are being pedantic without any apparent reason. The data you've presented actually backs up what I said, and I never claimed South America was a monoculture. The point was that the world has very diverse views on homosexuality.




I actually don't care whether it was an "isolated incident" or not. That was someone else's quote. In of itself, there's really nothing unusual or cruel about having a negative opinion of other peoples sexual lifestyles. In fact, you would be hard-pressed to find people who don't have nitpicky opinions on what constitutes "normal" sex. Deal with it.




Sorry, but youth groups and political activists aren't exactly known for their scientific rigor and honesty. Anyways, I'll be sure to check out that Wikipedia article.




'Because I want to' isn't a very good argument when it comes to ethics.




Username doesn't check out




resting. I guess.




Sounds like sucking dick is an evolutionary mandate for you.




Commonality =/= normality.




[removed]




fuck it dude, neither of us can prove shit, "normal" isn't a concrete idea that we can base anything off of. 
you have tour opinions and i have mine.
have a good day.




He was fired for expressing his view, his view just didn't align with Nike's brand.




Oh Jesus, get off your high horse. I Googled "Europe missionaries" and the first result is a *very contemporary* missionary based in Europe: http://www.ecmi.org 




Does that mean you'll grant me a wish?!




I like turtles




You Animal!  <wink wink nudge nudge>




You eat them and have sex with them every day. 

So yes. You like animals 




Do you like worse than animals?




>Your post made it seem as though youre of the viewpoint that pot is harmful

No, his line meant "If you're gonna say something is harmless (cannabis), don't use 'it's natural' as an argument. Many natural things are dangerous therefore it's not an argument".  

This isn't a debate on whether cannabis is dangerous or not.




> It isn't okay because its natural.

I don't think that guy's saying it is : that is nevertheless the argument that has often been used in defense of its use, from "God put it here" to "It's not chemicals n shit, cos it's a plant."




Nothing I wrote was anti-marijuana any more than being anti-gay. I would be more than happy to say I was wrong here if I had written it ambiguously, but the user votes clearly show otherwise.




[deleted]




Still doesn't say why it being natural has anything to do with it. This isn't a debate on whether cannabis is dangerous or not.




See /u/dat_grammar_tho's response.

Protip: I am pro marijuana. Being "natural" isn't a merit alone for an argument.




I'm not 'making shit up' I minored in animal behavioral studies, though I learned this in high school. Did you miss that part? You should've  paid more attention.




and the term "rape" and "gay" get used commonly outside of conversations of abuse or sexuality and many people have an issue with that. 

When you take a term that has a specific meaning and use it incorrectly you start ruining your own conversation.






Any platform. No platform has an obligation to host hate speech. Universities are probably exempt from this for different reasons (though they must decide for themselves what speech is worth hosting, not based on its moral merit but by its relevance. In other words, host Hitler, but not the random person shouting on the street corner).




He didn't liken the people to animals. He likened the idea of homosexuality and the trait to ANIMALISTIC qualities. You can't use the transitive property to justify, "hey he thinks homosexuality is an animalistic trait, so he is calling gays animals". That's not what he said at all. You're taking it out of context entirely and missing the point.

And no, you can't take only the parts of the definition that you like. It includes inciting violence. And unless he's punching gays or advocating for their harm, it isn't hate speech. 




[removed]




> You can hold low and dissenting views of someone/something and still be tolerant. If he does nothing more than hold an opinion of someone/something I fail to see how that makes someone bigoted.

He made his statements in a political context in a country where gay people are being discriminated against. 

> So you are willing to say you made assumptions about him in order to label him certain terms? Which could very likely be false?

These are common sense *interpretations*. Why would you equate someone to animals?

> Just because it's a factual term doesn't mean it can't be misused. If I called someone a liar despite them not being one with the motivation to tarnish and demean them, that could certainly be considered name calling.

If I honestly believe he's a bigot, it's not name-calling on my part. You're free to disprove it, but you don't get to dismiss it as "name-calling".




He knows EXACTLY what he's doing.




Are you still getting an even bigger TV? 




That's the thing, though. LGBT people in the Phils. have very rigidly defined roles. 

For example, if you're gay, you have to be effeminate, you have to dress nicely (or be trans*, the two are always mixed up over here for some reason) you gotta speak the lingo, you have to be witty and funny. In return, people will tolerate you and your partner.

The moment you break out of the box, say by requesting marriage or civil unions, all the bible thumpers will come out. 

In some ways it's more forward, but in others it's regressive too. 






I visited family in the Philippines recently and view points really do change between neighboring Cities. Depending on the city it seems like they either accept it or just don't show it at all. You don't really see any gay behavior, but that's because the people don't want to show it at all, it's not like you'll be disowned for it, but it still has a stigma that would lead to you being treated differently. from what I've seen, in the Asian countries view points tend to be more extreme in smaller areas, although they may have technology, it's not as prevalent and ideas aren't spread as well as they do in the West, because of that viewpoints tend to be more local and comparing cities their would be like comparing the US to Mexico. Although one examples bigger, they both have the similarity that they're located next to each other, but social topics such as sexuality and such don't travel between them, they both stay confined in a general area where the same idea is normally accepted, which is what leads to a diversity in culture.




From my experience, I've seen it to be more of a Tolerance =! Acceptance scenario. Then again, I probably come from a more conservative Pilipino family.  
Also, I kind of find it weird to call the Philippines "highly religious." Catholicism is very much part of the culture than a lifestyle like how some "highly religious" Americans are. Personally, I consider myself "religious" but not spiritual in the same way that you can find Atheist Jews if you ask around.




Look, I like your take on religion, I mean I really do. If more people were like you the world would be a better place. That said, the problem is once you start cutting out the parts you don't agree with then what is the point of believing in it at all? I mean you have shown that you think some of the words of god to be incorrect then why are other parts correct? You have just undermined the whole book. Also the book also contradicts it self constantly so it can hardly be called consistent in it's message. particularly in the messages about homosexuals. It's be nice to your neighbor as long as they are like you otherwise send them to hell. 




See, what does being a teenager have to do with wanting to treat gay people normal?




I'm actually not liberal at all. I almost always vote republican. You should stop making blind assumptions and attempt to look at the big picture.




It is in no way related to racism. Being gay is looked at more as a life choice that someone made and that people do not support. A large amount of people believe and support what he said. The thing is other people that you are calling bigots are actually not bigots because they are usually ok with others having different opinions. It is people who have a similar opinion to yours that attack others who do not have the same view. It is ok to have a different opinion then others, don't insult them just cause they don't agree with you.




> In of itself, there's really nothing unusual or cruel about having a negative opinion of other peoples sexual lifestyles.

Agreed. But then you get your panties up in a bunch because, when said person chooses to voice their negative opinion of other people, everyone else apparently (and justifiably) seems him as a hateful cunt... and that is no longer ok for you, it seems.

The same way that guy is free to say whatever the fuck goes up in his bigot mind of his, everyone else is also free to tell him he's a bigot, ok? (EVEN if he's a very nice guy to his grandma and does volunteer work). Surprising, I know...

People are free to have opinions on anything. But people are not free from being criticized for them, if they choose to publically voice them.

Deal. With. It.




It is for me. 




Nice comeback. 

The thing is, I'm right. You can't argue with biology. 




Please explain how you describe normal if facts such as

Existence throughout history

Existence across speices

Naturally occurring

Common

Don't count?




Common enough to be a regular part of everyday society for most people. Encountering a gay person is hardly novel. It's not new, and it's not uncommon. It's a part of humanity in every part of the world. 




No, he was fired for expressing *a certain and specific view*. That's different from "expressing views overall."


For a sort of FTFY, what would have been the right thing to say is, "he was fired for expressing his view [that] didn't align with Nike's brand."

*Which is Nike's right to do*. Freedom of association is also a thing.




Title: 
Fox, Nike among biggest losers after U.S. fails to reach World Cup

Comments: 
just brutal - to go down so listlessly to Trinidad and Tobago 

were they too sure of getting in, despite lackluster play, or were they just really that bad? 

Fox paid $200m and plans (planned?) 350hrs of live coverage




Those poor multinational conglomerates...




As if I'm going to feel sorry for some mega corporation who gambled and lost.

Boo fucking hoo for you.




well as long as FOX loses, i'm ok 




What about soccer in the US itself as a loser?  Can't help the cause, this loss.  I could care less about fox and nike.  




I don't understand how with so many D1 soccer programs we can't put together a decent team




You mean now I have to care about other countries?! God damn it!!




awww, fox lost something?




viewership might be slightly down, but remember that people in the US care about other teams, and I suspect it will still be a record setting year for viewership in the US.  Also fox paid 200m for these and the next games.  I hate fox as much as anyone, but this is going to be a nothing story.  Nike on the other hand .. probably lost a bit more, players wear their logo, not fox's.  

Add prices may be negotiated, who knows, but Fox could easily make the case that viewership wont suffer, and ads remain at a premium.  People still tune into the Olympics to watch games their country didn't even qualify for.  I think Fox is gonna be okay on this investment.




If I could express fucks given about anything in this story....fuuuuu....that's right, I have none




The article was doing well until it claimed Clint Dempsey starred at the tournament.

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/2014_FIFA_World_Cup_awards




Soccer is a girls sport anyway.




We've qualified for every one since '86, our qualifying competition is some of the weakest in the world




I was listening to sports radio this morning & apparently the coach didnt prepare them at all becuase they thought it was gonna be an easy W.




When it comes to soccer: When Fox loses, America wins. (With few exceptions.)




What's wrong with Fox? aside from their news channel being hyperpartisan of course.




Because D1 competition is a joke when compared to international competition.




You're failing to realize how far behind the rest of the world this level of play is.   Another way to look at it is that gifted athletes in our country are lured into the "major" sports: Football, Baseball, Basketball, Hockey.    Soccer generally gets the leftovers.  When you aren't putting your best athletes into soccer and every other country is, this is what happens.

Our national team is generally built on the "leftovers" that other sports leave on the table.  Until soccer becomes a sport that attracts top athletes in our nation it will continue to languish where it is on the international stage.




It's literally the difference of which ball you play with at birth.

I don't remember learning how to throw a baseball or catch a football because my dad did those things with me from the first time I was coordinated enough to do those things.  Kids in Brazil, Europe, Latin America, etc. learn from birth how to handle a soccer ball.






This is what I was just thinking. Even though the U.S. isn't huge on soccer, does nearly every D1 and D2 school have a soccer team? Not to mention probably 70-75% of High Schools have a soccer team. We must have one of the larger organized "farm" systems for soccer in the world, right? 




How can the Browns be such a perennially bad team when we have so many great D1 (American) football programs?




Because the rest of the world has a youth program and kids don't spend their prime growth years (18-21) in college. We will never be really competitive internationally the way we do things and athletes don't want to play because there's better paying sports




Well I for one am totes upset that I don't get to act like I give a shit about a sport I don't watch and players I don't know. I mean, I had gotten used to trying to give a shit on a 4yr cycle. Now I'm going to have to act like I care about the Olympics just to get my fix. 




At least they dont wear spandex




Compared to the Padded tykes of American Football? 




That's what is most disappointing. Like I don't expect to do shit in the actual tournament, but they should qualify. The strongest team in their qualifying group is Mexico and they're far from a super power. Disappointing.




I opt to watch matches in Spanish or pirate a foreign feed than listen to Alexi Lalas make asinine and inane comments. Twellman, who used to be terrible, is eons better than Lalas.

Between that, the ongoing contract disputes between seemingly Fox and everyone, the ripoff FoxSoccer2Go, etcetera, I'd love it if they got out of the market.




Their soccer casters are terrible 




There are 350 million people in the United States. We have amazing athletes leaving high schools and colleges to lead a normal life every single year. We can field a team. 






you make it sound like every one of our players went through the other 3 sports topping soccer in popularity and were rejected and told to just play soccer.

Not the case at all.




I think Americans treat soccer like a kid's sport. So many people play as children, but don't continue on to higher levels. I don't know how to change the perception.




Gladiator fighting is where its at




Can you explain in more detail to a non soccer fan? Not being sarcastic just out of the loop.




> We have amazing athletes 

We have amazing athletes but so does most other nations. Its the top elite athletes that matter. Just throwing some recent college division 1 players onto the field will have awful results. The level of play is much different from college to professional just like it is from high school to college. 




Of course not, but a gifted athlete is generally going to be lured to the major sports because there's a known future there with lots of money to be made.  Less of the gifted athletes are going to gravitate towards soccer.  Then you get what I described.  

Take it to an extreme to highlight what I"m saying:  Gifted athletes are not generally going to gravitate towards badminton.  They may be really good at it but there's no future in it so we as a nation have a shitty Badminton team.   It's the same principle as soccer only the popularity of soccer is WAY higher than badminton :)




Fox paid 400 million for the rights to broadcast the world cup in the USA. Very few will watch since the us won't be playing. They will not recover their 400 mill from advertising. Which is good because Rupert Murdoch is a complete fuckinf asshole. 




Totally get ya, Steve Nash is a great example, dude was a double varsity athlete in Basketball and Soccer, could have captained any MLS team at the time, and even after retiring from basketball there was speculation he would return to soccer in the MLS as a more mature father type to a young team.  I think he made the right choice financially .. :D




Title: 
Enslaved teen boys dial for help from Indian shoe factory: Police have rescued 10 teenage boys, allegedly trafficked and held in bondage in a shoe-sole factory in the southern Indian state of Karnataka, after a tip-off from a children's helpline

Comments: 
Was it like a no-name brand shoe sole factory? Or a brand someone in the US would recognize? Didn't see anything in the article.




We're turning kids into slaves just to make cheaper sneakers, but what's the real cost cause the sneakers don't seem that much cheaper. 

No but all jokes aside this is fucked, poor kids glad they were saved.




[deleted]




I need to take a nap. I just spent more time than I care to admit looking for Karnataka on a map of southern Indiana.




These shoe companies have no soles.




That website asked me to rotate my phone back into portrait mode just so it could show me an advert.




This is why I now buy fair trade...




So I definitely read this as "Indiana" the first time. 




I kinda figured this went on all over India and Bangladesh.




Damn and here I am in college complaining I have a hard life.




They should have opted for a regular slave job, like retail or fast food.




Damn now there'll be a Nike shortage. 




"Hello welcome to Nike customer service how may I complete your call today?"




Obviously the problem is that Indian business are being taxed too much. Cut those taxes and those jobs will turn into well paying jobs for adult middle class folks. 

/s




And people complain about me being lazy...Well at least i'm not "kidnap a bunch of kiddos and make them do the work that I find too monotonous to do myself" lazy...jeesh.




India is such a mess. There are so many people trying to make it a good country, and there are so many people who kidnap children and force them into slave labour. Just like with fitness, it's easier to keep the fat off then to lose 200lbs. 




The article is very poorly written and edited.

(Reporting by Anuradha Nagaraj, Editing by Alex Whiting and Timothy Large; Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation, the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters, which covers humanitarian news, women's rights, trafficking and climate change. Visit www.trust.org)




This kind of manufacturers should be deprived of all their earned money and retreated from conducting any kind of business. People with that attitude will only make the world worst. 




when is Nike gonna put an end to this. 




Slavery is still massive in India.




Looks like the next Yeezy's or Jordan's might be late.




Biased news reporting with intent. "allegedly" "activists say" "reporting for the foundation for trafficking..." "10 children say"

These kids will voluntarily go back because there is no work, There are 100 kids for each one of these 10 standing in line willing to take these jobs. These kids want paid and called the police. Social activists took up the story. 

You all: "Somebody ought to do something." from you easy chair drinking your tea.




So how long until they're back working, except for dimes a day instead of being held in bondage? 




That's why my Nike's went up in price. Lazy slaves. 




Ivanka Trumps clothing line has to be produced somehow!




What's sad about this story is that it will be ignored by the American media because victimized and trafficked boys don't fit into the feminist narrative of the poor, innocent female victim of the patriarchy bullshit. 




Positive note: no boys were sexually abused. That came forward anyways... How are people good again?




I swear, people these days have no sole...




Is this why there is such a limited run of those Back To The Future shoes? 




Fuck, so first brexit puts up the price of mobile phones and now footwear is going to cost more!

Oh well, at least these kids are back on the streets where they're safe.




Good thing they didn't call me for help, I would have just told them "I don't want to buy any viagra, I'm not falling for your tricks,  stop calling me."





At least no one got blinded and turned into beggars. Fuck India.

Edit- spell check turned blinded into gilded?  Weird..




Probably Nike or adidas ...




Generics. If the soles were name brand or used by name brand shoes, they would've used said brand name to increase interest in the article.




now that would just be bad for business. why would they tell you that.

it was probably nike, or adiddas, or something




Could also be Florsheim as they manufacture a lot of shoes in India.





The Corporations turn kids into salves to make the manufacturing cost cheaper for the Corporation. Not to make the cost to consumers less. 




[deleted]




Wow you actually feel bad for some enslaved kids you don't know? Fucking liberals... always caring about humanity and shit.




>  The factory owner is at large, investigating police, said in an interview, requesting anonymity.

I don't even know what's going on in that sentence. Is the owner at large, investigating police? Is he checking up on the cops? Are the cops requesting anonymity?




It's 25.2 miles southwest of Gary




r/badgeography




It's lacist I tell ya




What ad? I didn't see any of those. 




Adblock is love, adblock is life




No such thing as ethical consumption under capitalism




in the west, priests rape children, in the east, work rapes children.




Yo tambourine.




You think it's lazy to kidnap kids? Have you been around children? My mother would have paid kidnappers to keep us. But she was poor so we never got kidnapped :(




Free room and board. So not any different than living paycheck to paycheck. 




When people stop buying their products




lol the article doesn't even mention Nike. 




Nice shoehorned Trump joke.




Get sooooo many of those calls..... I guess that's my penance for buying viagra online..... face palm




You got glided..... you glid into a pile of downvotes




I think Nike uses Vietnam for their shoe child labor. 




Yeah, all of the literally 0 evidence you just made up points to that.




This reminded me of the term : "they are only outsourcing for us" 




It probably wasn't 




Not this witch hunting again.




I'm sure whoever it was is going to have a news article say how good and cheap there shoes are.




Adidas doesn't use child labour...




I seriously doubt that. Major corporations like that have departments dedicated to factory compliance. It's probably some no name. 




It's a lyric from Flight of the Concords but yes you're right.




Turning kids into salves? That's pretty rough. Even slavery would be better.




The end goal is to pass wealth to the shareholders. Because uh, well I don't know why, that's just what they say. Maybe it's the 11th commandment




I'm not shocked a person would do horrible things, but I find myself constantly shocked that groups of people can. That it seems not too difficult to get people together who will all agree to do awful shit. 




In all fairness, it's either work like a slave or starve to death. The sweatshops aren't the problem, they're a symptom of the problem which is rapid industrialization




Greatest expense in business is labor cost. Payroll, benefits, safety regulations, pensions. All of those are an expenses which every company has to factor into a budget. 

Its so much easier to make money if you don't have to pay anyone. 




To compensate for lost revenue due to bad PR from getting caught using slave labor




To give the rich board members more money!




[deleted]




Yes, the cops are requesting anonymity.

Source: Am Indian, used to bad tabloid grammar.




The chaos one misplaced comma can bring.




Sounds like an exchange between Jerry and Kramer.




Great another run-on joke. 




not only that, but people need to stop consuming content from the NFL, NBA, basically all the sports Nike gives money to.

It's sad how much athletes are vocal and stand behind certain things to protest but are oblivious to child labor in the rest of the world that they are endorsing.




I wasn't be serious.  Thought it was obvious. Guess I should have put /s




Isnt it basically implied




Gotta earn that CTR paycheck




And Pakistan. I've been to a Nike factory there where they have people actually making them. The people there got free shoes that were messed up by a small factor like a crooked Nike sign or something. They all had amazing shoes but they were really poor (poor of money). However, they lived in a small village so money had to factor on how they lived. 




That's where my custom nikes came from, one says child and the other says labor,  stitched on the back. 




Ive had nikes made in India




Yeah, all of the literally 0 evidence you just made up points against that.




It probably was




No, I don't think witches had anything to do with it.




Mines are pretty cheap! I between 16 and 17 euros to be exact.., that sorry cannot remember the cents... 




None of the big companies do. What they do is contract their work out to other big companies in Asia who offer the lowest price who then contract it out to smaller companies who offer an even lower price and can only do so because they have terrible working conditions. Now the full responsibility obviously rests with the company manager who decides to buy slave kids to under cut his competitors however they would also be considered employees of the other companies up the chain by most reasonable people. 




Mmhmm...and comcast has a massive customer service department that is dedicated to making their customers happy 




http://www.globallabourrights.org/reports/gap-and-old-navy-in-bangladesh-cheating-the-poorest-workers-in-the-world

https://www.hrw.org/report/2015/03/11/work-faster-or-get-out/labor-rights-abuses-cambodias-garment-industry

http://www.chinalaborwatch.org/report/109
 

Rigorous oversight and compliance from those major corporations!




Sorry, they deprived you from your child labor karma. 




>Give me liberty, or rub my corpse-smoothie into your skin, you know, to get that glowing, bourgeois demon shine. Up to you, but skin care and disease prevention are important, even for imperialist monsters such as yourself! 

- Our Founding Father's Dermatologist, Patrick Henry.




Damn I wanted to make that joke.




It's the 1st commandment of the corporate world based on liberal ideologies.  
Funny how the term liberal almost translates to "conservative" when applied in its true contest of economics and law whereas in many political settings it has a completely different meaning.




They already have laws to prevent things like this. They just aren't enforced as much as necessary.




so they break even?




I am interested in the Large town. 




Kramertaka is 25.2 miles southwest of Jary




Cat got your *tongue*?




No. You realize there are other brands, and even factories that make unbranded shoes, right?




Where in Pakistan (what city) are the shoes being made?




Least the kicks were fresh tho




Custom or knockoff, I can't imagine a major company like Nike officially producing those all the way from assembly to retail and then to consumer without someone deciding that's inappropriate.




Ok now i want this




Accurate username...




i can bet it does, just look at the sand around it.




To be fair most big western corporations audit their supply chain to ensure worker safety and no exploitation is going on.




The big brands do their best to vet partner factories that specifically don't do this. No one wants the stigma of child labor. The global footwear market goes beyond adidas, Nike, and Under Armour and unfortunately a lot of other companies aren't so worried about their reputation.




Yes and Adidas doesn't do this. Nike does, not Adidas. Do you have a source?




Comcast doesn't manufacture goods in 3rd world countries. Nike is REALLY GOOD about being transparent about what they pay their manufacturers in 3rd world countries. After coming under fire about "slave labor" in the 90s, they changed dramatically. Nike has been consistently rated as one of the better factories to work for. If you wanna whip out the pitchforks, go after h+m or F21. Slave labor is still a huge problem, but attack the companies who are flying under the radar about this shit.




"Bourgeois Demon Shine" sounds like a boss monster's attack in some kind of Marxist video game.




- Michael Scott




Or how hippies are really conservative when it comes to the environment. It's almost as if context matters. 




Sialkot is what my dad has told me




Wait, are you responding seriously to that comment? 




You just buy two pairs of shoes:
 "child" "heart"

"Pro" "Labor"

Then simply mix them up and you have your political statement. 
Oops, now you 




Outsourcing companies will handle the risks.. 




that's because everyone in that entire chain is someone who needs their job and doesn't want to get fired. Including the kids who make the shoes, sadly. Kids in 3rd world countries start working when they're small because their country can't afford free compulsory education for everyone.




Damn right Karl Rove! You get you a pair. They are like $120




It's probably not.




Yeah they care so much that they [resisted a minimum wage increase in 2013] (https://www.google.ca/url?sa=t&source=web&rct=j&url=/amp/www.independent.co.uk/news/world/asia/nike-supplier-resisting-pay-rises-in-indonesia-8452946.html%253Famp&ved=0ahUKEwizyoKvjv_PAhUV84MKHbBCCp8QFghXMAQ&usg=AFQjCNG45PNB9im1gTjPWoHliYv6gns78w) for all their factory workers in Indonesia (6 separate factories).   Fuck they even had employees sign documents stating they were ok with it... And Indonesia currently has the lowest minimum wage in Asia.  You really can't criticize any major companies on reddit these days without someone coming out ready to defend them with their 'facts' and save face.   It's disgusting considering that even if Nike did pay better than some other companies in third world countries they are still essentially making millions upon millions of dollars by exploiting the poorest people in the world.   I would love to see the idiots defending this shit go work for pennies as their daily/weekly wage and then see how willing they would be to defend this kind of shit. 

&nbsp;
Edit: also just because other companies are paying less and doing the same thing doesn't mean that what Nike and Adidas are doing is any better.   Oh wow they pay slightly more, it's still an unlivable wage, and it's still fucking pathetic. 




Nike headquarter is talking. 




The hero watches in horror as the Disgruntled Capitalist uses the slave salve.

Disgruntled Capitalist gains buff, Bourgeois Demon Shine!

+10% damage against peasant class units! 

Added debuff : Targeted units are alienated from their labor, -3 to morale! 




Nike got rid of them a decade ago over child labor. 




That actually isn't true in many of these countries. Many of these kids are the poorest of the poor, orphans, disabled, born out of wedlock (which can in a religious country can be particularly debilitating). So it's not a cultural thing which everyone does it is definitely exploitation of the most vulnerable for profit. 




They probably all are




Highly probable 




Nike shifted the child labour somewhere else is what actually happened.




Maybe they'll be back seeking child labor.. 




You're probably right. 




Won't argue with you there. 




That's probably left 




Title: 
Foot Locker shares plunge 28% as brands like Nike and Adidas go direct-to-consumer

Comments: 
They're an unneeded middle man when you can buy from an outlet/direct online/local boutique 




Goodbye Spencers 
Goodbye Aunt Annies 
Goodbye Lidz
Goodbye Mall Ninja Shit Shop




>“It was ‘cool’ to wear yoga pants while shopping at Whole Foods or to be attired in moisture-wicking t-shirts while playing video games and sitting in class,” the note said. “The synchronized downturn in sales across all these companies tells us that this trend is over.”

I think its still trendy. It just seems like the market is over saturated right now and buying is slowly down.




Car dealerships are next.




Sweet justice.  I bought a pair of pants from them that came apart the second time they were worn.  When I tried to return them, I was told that the shift supervisor didn't have the authority to process returns, and that the manager was never in the store to do it.  When I tried to report the situation to my credit card company, they shrugged and said they couldn't do anything about it.  I'll be happy when every last one of these evil stores fades into obscurity.




they have been direct to customer for a long time now

My guess is foot locker charges more 




Who likes direct-to-consumer shopping? Millennials. Millennials are killing Foot Locker.




Eliminate the middle man charge the same price.




They actually have the force of law protecting them.   They will not go away till cars deliver themselves from a dealership attached to the factory.




ding ding ding. You are right. They are very expensive compare to some other stores.




For better or for worse.   Ill stick with my lenscrafters $200 glasses over the $50 pair from warby parker.   Better materials in the frame, wayyyy better quality in the lens.      But dont tell millenials that lest they roll their eyes at you.  They assume online is always better/cheaper. 




You realize lenscrafters.com is a thing, right? Both of those outlets you mentioned have an online and a brick-and-mortar presence. And typically, the same SKUs in the store are available online (often with additional discounts). Not sure what your point is or what your choice of eyeglasses has to do with millennials. I also don't think anyone (even a dumb millennial) would be surprised that a product which costs 4X more might be better quality. 




I spent thirty bucks on prescription sunglasses online.

Who cares if they are worse quality, I just want them for driving during summer.

Your primary pair should be good quality, your backups/extras should be dirt cheap




Title: 
In the past month, Grabit has begun providing facilities that make Nikes with a handful of upper-assembling machines that can work at 20 times the pace of human workers.

Comments: 
This will of course drive the price down right? 

HAHAHAH - Nike Executive.




Prices will stay the same even though the cost to manufacture has dropped. Workers that remain won't get a pay increase either. 




"No more human rights violations, right boys?"




Gonna drive them up, you know, to afford the machines.




You mean prices will rise?




They still need those tiny, nimble fingers to fix the robots.




[removed]




We will deal with ai rights when we cross that bridge 




The first robot to demand rights will go into an industrial shredder. The rest will be told to behave or they're next. 




Kinda like make a sentient robot to hunt sentient robots, but you tell the hunting one that it is a human 




Nah, you make mutants to hunt sentient robots.




Title: 
Nike cutting over 1000 jobs

Comments: 
Where does an out-of-work 5-year-old go to find new employment if Nike won't hire them?  Is there a nearby iPhone factory? Beats by Dr Dre?




Didn't Obama just go to their HQ and talk about how great outsourcing was for the American worker? 




[deleted]




They're turning kids into slaves just to make cheaper sneakers.

But what's the real cost?

‘Cause the sneakers don't seem that much cheaper.

Why are we still paying so much for sneakers

When you got them made by little slave kids

What are your overheads?




Can we blame adidas ultraboost and kanye yeezy on this?






There's always the clothing industry.




Your edgy political statement is a bit ironic.




http://www.oregonlive.com/politics/index.ssf/2015/05/read_obamas_speech_at_nike_ful.html

Not really, did say that these trade deals were good for America and claimed we are seeing a reverse on outsourcing.




Ah yes, because Nike has been making shoes on the US for so long /s




Just go = two years ago. Trump's president now, this falls on him.




Are they cutting employees? positions that aren't filled at this time?

I'm sure Nike is well aware of attrition, but attrition is across the board, and this will be in specific areas.




Did they cut their advertising budget?? Or offer to transfer these employees to the noted new jobs??  I believe your reflection on executive compensation reflects their priority. 




Anything higher than 40".




what is wrong with the world today?




Oh wait......




It's like raaaaaain on your wedding day




Yeah...... and Trump said Mexico would pay for that wall. 




Nike doesn't even make the shoes. They design and market shoes that are manufactured by contracted companies.




True, he is to blame for all the worlds faults




How will people know about their new shoe if they don't spend 80 million dollars telling us!? 




He certainly likes to take credit for anything positive that happens on his watch. That street runs both ways.




The collapse of America is what lead to his election, not vice versa. Desperate people make poor decisions. 




Because Hillary Clinton was such an amazing choice, lmao




Their were primaries as well....




And yet there were two choices in the end 






Poor decisions were made 




Title: 
Nike has a new product for Muslim women: The 'Pro Hijab'

Comments: 
I'm surprised it took a company this long to introduce something like this 




For when you want to perform at your peak, but also hide your shameful body from God. 




Looks like a speed skater outfit minus the bodysuit.




Ohh, have they announced a new slogan for this product line?  How about: Nike, Just Repress It




Does the Quran condone women participating in sports?

I'm not trying to criticize anyone, I'm genuinely curious and I'm having trouble finding such information online. Every article online seems more interested in telling what americans on social media are ok with muslim women doing, and not what actual muslims are ok with.

It seems like something they would be against, based on what I have heard about islam, but I'm not muslim and so ultimately I really don't know.

EDIT: Please do not respond unless you're muslim and thus actually have some insight on this subject. I don't want to hear from islamophobes who just want to go off on how much they hate muslims.




TIL: [I am a sporty Muslim woman](http://ride365.tumblr.com/post/154211895802/i-keep-forgetting-to-remove-my-helmet-outside-and)




Dude, how fucking ignorant can an r/news comment section get...




cool! 

right?  this is ok?  

I cant tell anymore...   

muslim woman seems happy about it... so thats great.  right?




I don't see a problem with this 




Well that's cringe worthy.  




Lets make the oppression of women profitable! 




Whenever Islam is mentioned on the Internet it always brings out the best in people...




Jesus this ahould be so demeaning for women, if i were one i would be outraged. Simply unreal.




...why not?




So Nike made a balaclava?

Better write a news article about it!




Right?  seems like a big market




Fun fact: There are burka bathing suits too.  They're called [burqinis](http://www.burqini.com/).

Not sure why I'm getting downvoted.  It's a product designed by a Muslim woman for Muslim women so they can enjoy the water.  It's nothing offensive/intended as offensive.  Leaving this here anyway, because I found it on topic and interesting.




Hair*

It's a hijab, not a burqa. It only covers her head.




Not from god, from horny men.  Note, the Hijab is often worn starting at the age of nine.




Muslim women don't wear hijab to hide their head or shameful part from God. God is All-Seeing according to Islamic belief. So no hiding from God. Hijab is worn by Muslim women as their religious duty. All that modesty and protection from men reasoning are put forth by Muslims to make wearing hijab acceptable to western audience. 




Quran doesn't condone or condemn women from participating in sports. But general belief in Islam is that human beings are given their body as a trust from Allah. There are to take care of them. And taking care of the body would include exercising and playing sports is an exercise. Here's a bit more about Muslim women in sports https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Muslim_women_in_sport

There's also Islamic Solidarity Games which is like the Olympics for Muslim country. 
There's also Women's Islamic Games https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Women%27s_Islamic_Games

Don't you think that if sports for women was banned in Islam, then they wouldn't have these major sporting events? 




The Qur'an condones or condemns whatever the guy in power holding a Qur'an says it condones or condemns much like all the Abrahamic religions.




> Does the Quran condone women participating in sports?

It's silent on the issue.  I'm not a scholar on the culture of Arabia in the time of Muahmmed, but I'm guessing organized sports for women weren't really a thing back then and thus didn't warrant a mention in the book.

That being said, the Quran does mention the need for modesty in clothing, which would seem to rule out some sports or at least wearing the athletic uniforms that typically go with them (gymnastics, synchronized swimming, etc).

Assuming that Saudi Arabia is a good representative culture of very conservative Islam (and I think it is), even there women are allowed some participation in sports.  Saudi Arabia has sent women to the Olympics for track and judo, although this only began recently.  

The Taliban in Afghanistan completely banned women from participating in sports or even entering an athletic facility, so the idea that women should not play sports at all definitely exists within Islam to some extent, but it doesn't seem to be a dominant view.




Check back in when a terror attack happens and it's not clear who the attacker is.




Yes. I"m going to explain it to you:

A woman who wants to wear it, should be allowed to.

To force a person to wear it against their will, is wrong.

It is wrong to have a society where women are punished for not wearing it.

Think of American and Nuns.

If Nun decide not to wear a habit, she won't be shunned from most of society, beaten, stoned, killed and so on.

To answer your question:A women in a society that forces her to wear it against her will can still be happy about this because it gives her options.




It's going to normalize the hijab in western cultures...

I can't tell anymore either. Feminists will says it's a misogynistic symbol. A Muslim feminist will tell you it's her choice. A Muslim feminist in Iraq will know to keep her mouth shut and her head under a hijab.






Only if someone is forced to wear it. Not everyone is. If a woman wants to wear one, then she should be able to wear it. 




Wherever Islam is put into practice in the real world it always brings out the worst in people.

> As long as the Muslim population remains around 1% of any given country they will be regarded as a peace-loving minority and not as a threat to anyone. In fact, they may be featured in articles and films, stereotyped for their colorful uniqueness:

> - United States -- Muslim 1.0%
> - Australia -- Muslim 1.5%
> - Canada -- Muslim 1.9%
> - China -- Muslim 1%-2%
> - Italy -- Muslim 1.5%
> - Norway -- Muslim 1.8%

> At 2% and 3% they begin to proselytize from other ethnic minorities and disaffected groups with major recruiting from the jails and among street gangs:

> - Denmark -- Muslim 2%
> - Germany -- Muslim 3.7%
> - United Kingdom -- Muslim 2.7%
> - Spain -- Muslim 4%
> - Thailand -- Muslim 4.6%

> From 5% on they exercise an inordinate influence in proportion to their percentage of the population.

> They will push for the introduction of halal (clean by Islamic standards) food, thereby securing food preparation jobs for Muslims. They will increase pressure on supermarket chains to feature it on their shelves -- along with threats for failure to comply. ( United States ).

> - France -- Muslim 8%
> - Philippines -- Muslim 5%
> - Sweden -- Muslim 5%
> - Switzerland -- Muslim 4.3%
> - The Netherlands -- Muslim 5.5%
> - Trinidad &Tobago -- Muslim 5.8%

> At this point, they will work to get the ruling government to allow them to rule themselves under Sharia, the Islamic Law. The ultimate goal of Islam is not to convert the world but to establish Sharia law over the entire world.

> When Muslims reach 10% of the population, they will increase lawlessness as a means of complaint about their conditions ( Paris --car-burnings). Any non-Muslim action that offends Islam will result in uprisings and threats (Amsterdam - Mohammed cartoons).

> - Guyana -- Muslim 10%
> - India -- Muslim 13.4%
> - Israel -- Muslim 16%
> - Kenya -- Muslim 10%
> - Russia -- Muslim 10-15%

> After reaching 20% expect hair-trigger rioting, jihad militia formations, sporadic killings and church and synagogue burning:  

> - Ethiopia -- Muslim 32.8%  

> At 40% you will find widespread massacres, chronic terror attacks and ongoing militia warfare:

> - Bosnia -- Muslim 40%
> - Chad -- Muslim 53.1%
> - Lebanon -- Muslim 59.7%

> From 60% you may expect unfettered persecution of non-believers and other religions, sporadic ethnic cleansing (genocide), use of Sharia Law as a weapon and Jizya, the tax placed on infidels:  

> - Albania -- Muslim 70%  
> - Malaysia -- Muslim 60.4%  
> - Qatar -- Muslim 77.5%  
> - Sudan -- Muslim 70%  

> After 80% expect State run ethnic cleansing and genocide:  

> - Bangladesh -- Muslim 83%  
> - Egypt -- Muslim 90%  
> - Gaza -- Muslim 98.7%  
> - Indonesia -- Muslim 86.1%  
> - Iran -- Muslim 98%  
> - Iraq -- Muslim 97%  
> - Jordan -- Muslim 92%  
> - Morocco -- Muslim 98.7%  
> - Pakistan -- Muslim 97%  
> - Palestine -- Muslim 99%  
> - Syria -- Muslim 90%  
> - Tajikistan -- Muslim 90%  
> - Turkey -- Muslim 99.8%  
> - United Arab Emirates -- Muslim 96%  

> 100% will usher in the peace of 'Dar-es-Salaam' -- the Islamic House of Peace -- there's supposed to be peace because everybody is a Muslim:  

> - Afghanistan -- Muslim 100%  
> - Saudi Arabia -- Muslim 100%  
> - Somalia -- Muslim 100%  
> - Yemen -- Muslim 99.9%  

> **Of course, that's not the case. To satisfy their blood lust, Muslims then start killing each other for a variety of reasons.**  

- [Slavery, Terrorism & Islam: The Historical Roots and Contemporary Threat](http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/2090809.Slavery_Terrorism_Islam)




We're one what?




Veil with a picture of a whip in mid swing on it.  Sounds good.




Not sure why you got down voted but thanks for the fun fact. Sometimes I wish I invented something that is obvious but not one though of. 




Stuff like this is actually important. Women able to get out and enjoy bathing is a must to further progress. 




Your shameful head*




Well their prophet did like himself some nine year old.




It's often started at puberty. I started wearing it at 12.

My daughter is 7 and wears one because she likes them and thinks they're pretty.




[deleted]




I probably should have specified that I wanted to hear from an actual muslim on this and not just some bitter atheist who likes to tell everyone to stop believing things.




Found the college sophomore.




> A woman who wants to wear it, should be allowed to.

Why would a woman "want" to wear it, other than being raised with the ideology that they should wear it? 




Basically, people want Muslim women to be like nuns in America:

Not shunned, stoned, beaten, raped or threatened because they decide not to wear head gear.




"Forced" is pretty subjective.

If your family told you you had to wear this from the time you were a little child or you were being bad and contradicting god, and they would be ashamed of you and admonish you if you chose not to wear it, are you being "forced?"

If extremists from your country might decide to murder you if you were to gain notoriety for not wearing it are you being "forced?"

Well, maybe not, but it certainly isn't being chosen either.




Yeah. Because living in a western country puts a stop to oppressive culture and violence behind closed doors for those who disobey.




Oh I'm not against them wearing their religious garbs.  It was that giant swoosh on the side of her head that made me cringe.  




women from other nations competing in sporting events in the muslim world *are* forced to wear one




More Islamophobic BS. It's paranoia at its finest, and I won't subscribe to it, sorry dude.

Nice copy-pasta though




like Jewish ladies then




I'm not sure what is the point of your posts. You quoted verses from that is a command from Allah to Muslim women to wear hijab. I said Muslim women wear hijab as their religious duty which your quoted verse clearly states. What exactly are you try to argue with me? Are you even trying to argue with me? 




hijab means barrier

khimar means scarf




I don't think BoredMehWhatever is entirely wrong. Depending on who you ask, you'll get different answers. Even Christians don't all agree on everything. Ask a Catholic, a Protestant and a Greek Orthodox about whether something is fine, and you may end up with three different answers, and the same goes for Muslims, Jews, etc. In addition to that, there is always personal interpretation and "deviations", that's why some Muslims drink alcohol or why some Christians are OK with issues like homosexuality, abortion and the like. 

In my experience, no one follows everything to the letter; I'm sure some try, but these things are open to interpretation. 

Finally you have to consider that the reason to wear a hijab may vary from one woman to the next. Some do it because of cultural reasons, because they want to show they identify with a particular religion, because they are devout, because they've been raised like that... So some will wear it despite not being very devout. Others it is more for affirmation. 

Tl;dr: it's not as clear cut, the answer you get may vary. 




If you think someone needs to be an atheist to understand that different religious leader preach different lessons form the same passage, then you need to apply more thinking to your life.

I recognized that decades before I was an Atheist. Religious peple recognize that, anyone who has done religious studies course need that. It was an accurate statement.

You are the one bringing up atheism and getting so bent you have to make a condescending post.




Yeah you should've specified that you'll reject answers you don't agree with. It would be a lot more honest and save people their time telling you the obvious but you gotta hear it from a practicing Muslim redditor. 




He isn't really wrong. You seem pretty angry towards atheists, though.




But that's the actual answer.

If you ask a liberal Muslim Imam in an American city, he'll say no, and if you ask the Taliban, they'll say yes.

And if you ask them to justify their position with the Qur'an, you'll be treated to a never-ending rabbit hole of contradictory passages, supposed maxims from Muhammad, commentary, and all of them are vague enough that it becomes an intellectual exercise you can do for any topic.

The entire religion can't figure out what the "real" answers are about anything, that's why they're always fighting and arguing about it, not in 1500 years has there been a consensus, and there never will be, because the Qur'an isn't actually a perfect book given by god it's just the ramblings of a schizophrenic warlord.

That's why some Muslims sew women into bags and others let them walk around like natural humans.  They both think they're right, and neither of them are wrong.

Not to mention the Qur'an isn't like an encyclopedia you don't just look up "Sporting Attire" or something.  That wasn't even a thing when it was written so everyone's answer about it will be interpreted through the lens of some anachronism.




He's pretty much correct. Just look at all of the conflicting tenets of Christianity, all based on the same bible.




NO, that's pretty accurate actually. 

You can find imam preaching different interpretation of the same passage, just like you can find Christian Reverend preaching different  interpretation of the same thing.




Your college sophomore radar is malfunctioning.




You've just stumbled upon the cultural/ethical relativism conundrum.




Some women feel that it allows them to be seen as a person rather than as a sexualized object.  If you're wearing hijab, you don't really need to do the whole "hey, fella, my eyes are up here" thing.




Non-muslim women cover themselves more than men do in the country I live in. I've never seen a topless woman at the beach, and yet most agree that's the way it should be. They "want" to cover themselves that way. 

I believe New York, and I presume other cities, has laws letting women walk around topless, yet barely anyone uses it. And the people who think this way aren't all religious.




> other than being raised with the ideology that they should wear it?

In theory a fair question, in practice you are on the edge of starting a philosophical debate on clothing in general.




exactly.  There is probably a small percetnage of women taht truly CHOOSE to wear it.  The rest of them are forced to wear it or shamed into wearing it.  It's not fucking hard guys




Why would a man not want to wear skirts and high heels, other than being raised with the ideology that they shouldn't wear it? 




I'm not really forced to brush my hair or put on makeup, but I sure feel silly if I don't, and people would certainly make remarks about it.

Different cultures, different styles. Not everyone who chooses to wear a hijab is doing it because they are being oppressed. Women are able to choose their own religion, in this country anyway, just as well as men can. 




> If your family told you you had to wear this from the time you were a little child or you were being bad and contradicting god, and they would be ashamed of you and admonish you if you chose not to wear it, are you being "forced?"

Women in my culture are forced to cover their nipples under almost all circumstances because of this logic. It's what they are raised to believe as children, even though there's no real logic to it. 

And yet even the most progressive, enlightened, atheistic American women are still uncomfortable baring their nipples in public as adults. Even where it's permitted, most women will not willingly go topless in America. 

Are they being "forced" to cover their nipples? Or at some point did it become their own preference? 





So are all religious women in the US subjugated entirely by their religion? Or just the ones with special garments?





I prefer the Air Jordan logo myself




TIL: citing from a statistical reference and history book is now islamophobia. 

Nice sticking your head in the sand though.




And Christians including Menonites, Mormons, and Catholic nuns.




[deleted]




[deleted]




Yeah, I mean that is how spirituality works in general. Even with Christianity though, although people all have their different interpretations, the Bible itself doesn't commit itself to interpretations. The Bible is just a book with clear text that anyone can read and gather information from. No matter who gives it to you, it will be the same information as long as you're still getting it from the Bible.

I'm just trying to find snippets of the Qur'an that relate to such issues, just like you can do with the Bible. You can look up individual verses that relate to certain issues and then after reading them, you can discern for yourself how it's meant to be interpreted. Your interpretation may vary from others, but it's not like those other people are all ready Bibles that have completely different information in them.

BoredMehWhatever is taking what you just said and twisting it into "Anyone with religious beliefs will lie to you about everything. There is no truth. All is a lie." He is entirely wrong.




If you ask the Taliban they'll probably just quote the Quran.




No, it's not the actual answer.

The Qur'an is not a person. It's a book. It has text in it. Text that you can read and gain information from. It's not going to tell you one thing one day and then something completely different the next day.

Can you just go somewhere else and talk about atheism or something instead of trying to lecture other people on their religious beliefs?




Yeah.....and water will get you wet.




I'd argue that it heavily sexualizes them, even as little girls. It suggests that their bodies are too enticing to be seen in public, instead of just accepting that they are half of the humans




But aren't women also shamed into wearing certain clothes regardless? Women wear tops because it is expected of them. A lot of Christian parents would disown their daughters for walking around topless or in super revealing clothing. 




>I'm not really forced to brush my hair or put on makeup, but I sure feel silly if I don't, and people would certainly make remarks about it.

But I doubt your family would disown you, or your spouse would beat you, or a bunch of make-up extremists would kill you.

But those are all things Muslim women might have to face as a consequence of their "free choice" that's of course not free in any way shape or form.

>Not everyone who chooses to wear a hijab is doing it because they are being oppressed. 

But many, many definitely are.

>Different cultures

Sure, and some cultures, such as say West African tribal cultures, believe that Albinos possess magical powers and they are hunted down and murdered so their body parts can be used in magical rituals.

That's a different culture.  But it's an abhorrent one, and being different doesn't negate its abhorrence. 






lol yeah, no one is saying you shoudln't have the right to wear one.  That goes without saying, you're basically creating a fucking strawman here bud.   What is concerning is that this is still a very potent symbol of oppression in the Islamic world, past AND present, and women are fined and/or killed for not wearing it.  Were doing millions upon millions of women a disservice by defending such a horrid garment.

If you want to wear the damn thing, and it's truly a choice, fine, but don't pretend this is a 'choice' for most women in these 'cultures'




That's fine but that's not keeping them separate from the rest of society is it?  They aren't instantly deemed "foreign and other and separate" from birth by adhering to this.

And that practice isn't a symbol of a host of other repressive attitudes and expectations. 






First off, the book you took this passage from called "Slavery, Terrorism & Islam: The Historical Roots and Contemporary Threat" Is hardly an objective look at Islam in the world. 

Its very synopsis starts out with this bullshit: "response to the relentless anti-Christian propaganda that has been generated by Muslim and marxist groups and by Hollywood film makers."

So forgive me if I take its statistics with a grain of salt.

Next I'd like to point out the flaw in its statistical method. Its root message uses completely flawed reasoning. It's essentially stating that correlation equals causation.

That all of these Muslim majority nations have immense violence because of their belief in Islam, without taking a look at any other factors that go into these situations.

Other factors the obviously biased auithor failed to weigh include: poverty, starvation, lack of opportunity (both economically and academically), etc...

But perhaps the biggest factor the author forget to mention in his tyraid against those "evil muslims" is how prior to the fall of the Ottoman Empire post WWI, Muslims, Jews, and Christians all lived in relative peace in a fairly secular kingdom. 

This is something which directly goes against the authors narrative, so its no surprise he neglects to mention it.

At the end of the day, what caused much of the unrest we are still seeing today isn't the religion of Islam, as it's been able to live in peace as I've mentioned before.

No, the reason we're seeing such unrest today is largely to do with how the West, mainly the U.K, dived up the Middle East and former Ottoman Empire after WWI.

The Europeans had no regard for the cultures and ethnic diversity in the region, and had no person from the Entire Middle East there to represent them. Instead the Middle East was divided based on geographical boundaries, as well as by its resources (namely oil) to the chagrin of its inhabitants.

Historical ethnic groups and religious sects were divided, with historically warring groups placed within the same nation at extremely disproportionate levels. Making it easy for a group to become unrepresented in government, or even downright oppressed.




Mormons need Nike to make their magic underwear 




And some older Anabaptist women.




You misread their post....




IANAM but they are different concepts entirely

the hijab is supposed to be a mental barrier

the khimar is just one of a number of different types of headwear




> the Bible itself doesn't commit itself to interpretations. 

Yes it does. You do know the V in KJV is  for 'version', right? 




Then in that case I don't think the Quran addresses the issue directly, though maybe a Muslim commenter may know more than me. 

Also you have to know that the Quran is not like other books; there are real contradictions (OK, there are some in the Bible) because it was written over time. So that's why you find parts where it says Muslims have to fight infidels (because when that part was written, there was war going on with non-Muslims) but other parts that say the opposite (because at that point, peace was achieved and Muslims had to trade and interact with non-Muslims) - I think this is a huge simplification (it's what I remember from reading on the matter, so it may not be 100% accurate), but hopefully it explains why the Quran is especially open to interpretation. 




Yes, it s the answer. Why are you so pigheaded about this, and then deriding peoples answers?

It's not math, its philosophy and history and context.

The poster did not lecture you or anyone.






> It's not going to tell you one thing one day and then something completely different the next day.

But just like Christians interpret the bible differently (e.g. sometimes the creation story is literal, other times it's metaphorical), Muslims will interpret the Qur'an differently.




Have you read it?  There's not a lot of information to be gained there.

>It's not going to tell you one thing one day and then something completely different the next day

I hate to tell you this but it actually does do that.  




I tend to agree personally, but not everyone sees it that way.  I know some women who started wearing hijab later in life because they felt like they could be taken more seriously that way.  




>  A lot of Christian parents would disown their daughters for walking around topless or in super revealing clothing.

For the most part, outside of swimming outfits, it is also frowned upon for men to walk around in public topless or in super revealing clothing.




there are cultural norms, and objectively they are kind of silly, but it's a far cry from the violence inflicted upon women in islamic countries for not wearing a stupid garment.   And honestly, I don't really agree with christian dogma, so i'm not sure how that changes a thing




Not all of these women are subjected to this treatment, either. Take a look at all of the many thousands of American Muslim women who have chosen not to wear it. They haven't all been disowned by a long shot. It doesn't necessarily mean their families are thrilled about it, but they aren't all living in fear of being stoned. 




If you are just decrying when women are forced to wear it, that's fair and reasonable.

But the hijab itself it neutral and just a symbol. I wear one and have to roll my eyes whenever the hijab in general is brought up and people act like it's oppressive automatically.




> no one is saying you shoudln't have the right to wear one. That goes without saying, you're basically creating a fucking strawman here bud.

So the French law banning them is a figment of everyone's imagination? I take it you don't know the meaning of "no one" since an entire country has a law against it...




> And that practice isn't a symbol of a host of other repressive attitudes and expectations. 

Actually, yeah, it is. Women and their shameful, dirty *nipples* that they need to keep covered up. But men have no such societal expectation. Their nipples are perfectly socially acceptable, even in mixed company. Yet very liberal American women will rarely go topless, even in solely female company. 

Are American women repressed? Or simply modest? 




Just do it ^when ^married. 




haha - you mean it wasn't originally written in english all those years ago? Color me shocked.




Many in the bible, just as many as in the Quran.





Look, no matter how much you keep talking, it doesn't change the fact that you are not muslim and you're not going to be able to give me any worthwhile information on this subject.

You're just some guy who hates muslims and wants to tell me everything that you think is wrong with them.




>I hate to tell you this but it actually does do that. 

So, you're saying that it's a magic book that changes it's own texts while you're not looking?

Fuck off.




It isn't really the same though. There are way more attempts to criminalize female toplessness, and it sway more policed on TV. Janet Jackson shows a nip and it is one of the biggest news stories of the year. In that same show there were dudes with their nips out. And even swim wear is an example of this, a situation where men can be topless but not women. Wearing no shirt is considered way more taboo for women than it is for men. 




Not all, but enough.

Talking about American Muslims as a good example of the Muslim world is pretty silly because we're not a conservative Islamic theocracy with a deeply ingrained tribal history like most Muslim nations.  And this is Nike's market for this, not American Muslims.

And even here we have honor killings and familial pressures to conform.

I live in a city with a large Muslim minority, and I often see Muslim girls in full garb go into a gas station and come up in mini-skirts and halter tops so they can go out to clubs and such, and then they change back before they come home.

They would prefer not to wear these things, but their fathers and brothers will make life very difficult for them if they don't.

That's not the behavior of people that have "free choices."  That's the behavior of people that fear punishment if they're discovered breaking the rules.




I've literally met some arab dudes that treat their wives like DIRT here.  Total domestic abuse situations and it's obvious.  They bring them over from the homeland and you can tell the wife cowers in their presence.  It's truly sickening to me.

Don't pretend this culture is not imported by many.  It most definitely is.

And again, no one is saying you should not have the choice to wear it.  If you want to, you can wear a goddamn SS uniform.  Why you keep bringing that up is beyond me..  No one said you cant




I think the key word to what you just said is *American* muslim women..  




i'll concede that a western country banned it I guess. I had never heard that before.  I know for a fact they are not banned or in any risk of being banned in the UK, US, or Germany.  That much I know.   I don't agree with the French ban




More whataboutism.  It's pretty exhausting when you're insistent upon always changing the topic as a matter of discourse.

If you're going to compare wearing shirts in America to wearing the Hijab in a Muslim theocracy, you're clearly trolling.

If you want to insist on those being analogous then far be it from me to write you an essay explaining why they're not.




Possibly, I haven't counted! :D




The difference is that most Christians believe that the Bible was inspired by God, but written by man. Whereas most Muslims believe the Quran is the literal word of Allah.




Well, if you want to go looking for the One True Holy Islamic Answer on anything, you're going to be looking until you die.

It's not that kind of book.

Maybe you should read it for yourself.




Nope, I'm saying it was written chronologically over a period of many years, so on many occasions the guy(s) writing it forgot what they said before and said something else later and there's no way to get to the bottom of it now.

Or they said two different things to two different people and never explained it.

It's pretty bad, you can read it for yourself and find out.

>http://wikiislam.net/wiki/Contradictions_in_the_Quran




AH, you are wither too damn stupid to understand what a religious book is, or a troll.

It's not a "how to" manual.




Wow, you are pretty dense. Just google Quran contradictions. If you need to verify they exist by reading the whole thing yourself, then go do that too. No one was talking about magic text.




Well that is primarily due to the fact women's breast, either rightfully or wrongfully so, have been sexualized in most cultures. Is a woman's hair or neck really viewed in the same sexual manner in Muslim culture? Is there female hair/neck porn I'm not aware of? 




this.  I've met muslim dudes that basically have a domestic abuse situation going on, and it's veyr clear.  Their wives are super timid and cower in their presence.  It makes me sick.  Just because theyr'e in the US does NOT mean theyre not being oppressed




> Not all, but enough.

what a claim without anything to back it up.




Other religions do silly crap like this, too. It's not just a matter of Islam, it's a matter of religion in general. The world has too many cultures, religions, and laws to really speak to the whole thing here. so I'm only focusing my comments on the US.

I have yet to see Nike making Magic Mormon Underwear. 




I'm trying to make a point to you that just because you see a woman in a hijab, it doesn't mean she was forced to wear it. A woman who grows up covering something, be it hair or nipples, is likely going to continue through life being uncomfortable exposing something she was raised to think of as private. 

Just because a woman doesn't want to expose some part of her body to you doesn't necessarily mean she's oppressed. There are a lot more smart, independent, successful Muslim women who *choose* to wear the hijab than you are giving credit for. 




Muslim here. As far as I know most Muslims (except the less than one percent of extremists) are okay with women playing sports. It's fine as long as the clothing is kept modest. Additionally even nations like Saudi Arabia are starting to become more progressive when it comes to women. 




That's just whataboutism though.

>It's not just a matter of Islam,

It is though, when it comes to things like Hijabs etc.  Those are exclusively a matter of Islam.




You seem to be refusing to address a point as I see it.

You absolutely won't engage in a discussion about women who are forced to wear this garment, and what a secular democracy should do to protect them from this infringement on their freedom.

You won't even admit that it exists even.

Every time it's brought up you just hand waive away these people and the oppressive Islamic nightmare they have to live through that includes things like genital mutilation, forced marriages, domestic violence, and all the behaviors that we know are correlated with people from cultures that believe in enforcing these religious rules on women.

>Just because a woman doesn't want to expose some part of her body to you doesn't necessarily mean she's oppressed. 

Or, it might be that she doesn't because she in fact is.  And you seem to have some kind of mental block that refuses to engage on the subject of these women.









Sure, that specific head covering. But there are lots of religious head coverings worn all over the world by many cultures and religions. Islam is in no way unique in this regard. 




> You absolutely won't engage in a discussion about women who are forced to wear this garment, and what a secular democracy should do to protect them from this infringement on their freedom.

I'll bite, what do *you* think a secular democracy should do to protect women who are forced to wear this garment? 




its hilarious, because the amount of women that truly choose to wear it pales in comparison to the numbers of women brutally oppressed into wearing it.  This si something these fucktards dont want to admit for some reason.  




And how many of them are so rigidly adhered to that even in athletic competition they're required to be worn - even to the detriment of the competitor.

The answer is 1.

And how many of them due so as a direct consequence of a theory of female inferiority and subjugation?  





Ban it.

It's the lesser of two evils in my opinion because of how repressive we know the Islamic religion to be toward women.  The repression of not being able to wear a religious hat that isn't even explicitly prescribed anywhere in their religious texts is the far lesser evil.

In fact I would probably consider revising the 1st Amendment protection of religious freedom entirely.

In my opinion, claiming that your abhorrent ideas derive from a mythical entity shouldn't rocket them onto a untouchable pedestal.  It's being used an elastic-clause in far too many situations.

Two egregious ones are conservative Christians claiming that the practice of their Christian religion is infringed upon every time they come into any contact with any homosexual person and trying to justify things like not doing their jobs as government officials for gay citizens.

Another one is the Islamic communities reliance on community "Sharia courts" that bear no weight of actual law, but do bear the weight of communal authority which is just as powerful.

It's sort of like the old high school joke from my youth where students would muse about become Rastafarians so they could smoke pot based on religious grounds.   It was a joke, but it highlights the absurdity of religious protection.

I think all the rights religious people have and ought to have are covered by their other civil rights.




Sikhs often do. 

And not all women who wear a hijab always wear them during sports activities, either. 




> Ban it.

So, you just want to tell women what they aren't allowed to wear. 

Gee, you're so different from those Muslims who want to tell women what *to* wear. 

How about, what women wear is none of your business, and you should be ashamed of yourself for trying to control their dress, one way or the other. 




Yes but this is just more whataboutism.

I guess you're of the opinion that we should excuse abhorrent practices and behavior, provided they've got company.




I said nothing of the sort.

I just said that a woman should be able to wear a hijab if she wanted to. You inferred the rest. 




And what about women being able to reject a hijab if they want?

As long as it's permitted, you're allowing it as a tool of force and repression because you have no way to discern one from the other, and no ability to rectify the situation even if you could.

That's why several European countries have just banned it.




Yes, but here in America, we don't ban peoples free expression of themselves or their religions. 

To ban it is just a different sort of oppression. 




Well we should consider starting.

You're being asked to choose between two scenarios:

1) Someone's right to wear a religious hat is infringed upon

2) Someone's right to personal freedom and integration and full membership in society is infringed upon

You can't have both at the same time.  In secular humanist society, it's clear we should value #2 over #1.  This is why Islam has so many problems in the west, and there's no scenario or policy you can concoct that preserves both.

If there's a ban - then it allows Muslims who reject this subjugative garment something to hide behind besides their own immorality.






That's only if you insist that all Muslim women are doing it because they are being subjugated against their will, which is something you simply cannot prove. 

I am not a Muslim, but I could wear a hijab if I wanted. It would be inappropriate for the government to tell me I could not just because *someone else* might be oppressed into wearing it.  

In fact, I totally would if it didn't just result in more people looking at me weird. I'd love to not have to give a shit about what my hair looks like, and I usually wear a hood or scarf all day anyway. 

Why shouldn't I be allowed to wear a hijab if I want? Hell, I'd be happy with full niqab or burka in the winter if it didn't make everyone start asking me "did you convert to Islam?" and having to explain my uh... cultural appropriation. 




Well we know that many are as I've described.  

I can definitely prove that it's not a little girls idea to become a pariah in her school.  That's definitely not ever her idea.

And when Muslim parents send their little girls to American schools, basically bearing a symbol of their difference and exclusion, it's not because a child understood the choice they were making.

And when Muslims do that in other countries, and segregate schools by sex, it's definitely discrimination.  And that's not a value that Westerners share.  We don't believe that religion trumps every other right.  

All they're going to feel is shame when their peers reject them and treat them different, which in many ways they are.

I promise you that no little girls chose that for themselves.

>Why shouldn't I be allowed to wear a hijab if I want?

Because we have no way to protect you from your family if you don't want to which you refuse to comment about.






My family isn't Muslim. Why shouldn't I be able to cover my head if I want to? 

You can't promise anything. All you are giving are your opinions, which are easily disproved by living, existing people with their own opinions. 




>Why shouldn't I be able to cover my head if I want to?

I've explained why.

You should be, ideally, but also ideally, you shouldn't have to if you don't want to.

You're arguing for every reason why you should be allowed, but you won't make any argument on the behalf of those that are forced.

You seem to want to pretend that every Muslim woman around the world who wears these absurd garments is choosing to do it.

There are two freedoms involved here, and you seem to think the only one that matters is the religious one.







No one should be forced to do anything. 

But they also shouldn't be forced to not do a thing. 

I never said that all Muslim women are choosing this. Again, that is your own inference. Clearly many are forced. 

I'm not talking about the rest of the world. 

You are seeking an argument with someone who has no dogs in the fight. I'm agnostic, and American. Anyone who wants to tell me that I can't cover my head just because someone else has to are just as stupid as those saying that I would have to wear one because others don't. 

Everyone should be able to wear whatever they want. Even if it looks oppressive to someone else. Some people wear slave collars and give 'ownership' of themselves to another person who may purposely subjugate them. That is also something they should be able to wear if they want, and shouldn't be disallowed just because not *everyone* needs to wear it. 


We all wear clothes, and some religions would kill you immediatley if you went outside without them. We aren't talking about banning clothing just because some people will be killed if they don't wear it.  A head covering is a head covering. Might as well get rid of hats, too. Wouldn't want anyone to be forced to wear one. 




>No one should be forced to do anything.

>But they also shouldn't be forced to not do a thing.

So what do you do in the situation where you can't have it both ways?

Do you favor the Western cultural precedence, or the Islamic one?

If the Hijab is allowed, then are you are allowing it's oppressive nature.  Period.  There's no way to ensure that "only women who choose to wear it wear it."

You also can't undo a childhood living apart from other Americans because your parents forced you to come to class and participate in civilian life wearing a mark of separation.








You're the only one saying it can't be both ways. You keep trying to put a lot of words in my mouth that I have no reason to say. 

I can wear a hijab if I really want. I don't even personally know any muslims who might try to oppress me one way or another (though I do know plenty of Americans who would go out of their way to be an asshole because of it). That is having it both ways. Just because you say it can't be doesn't mean anything. Who are you but just some random on the internet with opinions exactly as valid and not as anyone else's?  




No, the "both ways" would be one where you can exert force against the parents and families that force women to wear this against their true will to prevent it from happening.

But this is unknowable on a case by case basis. 

It's like asking a battered wife if she wants to press charges.  We don't do that specifically because we know the answer is likely to be coerced.

That's why we prosecute regardless of what the "victim" is saying.




Title: 
Pakistan Minister announces policy to make hijab mandatory in Punjab colleges

Comments: 
Surely Nike is making a merchandising deal to show their support.




Even for the men?  My god, that's progressive.




What a liberal. ~~Let's~~ Lets girls go to school!

/s




"However, the policy is yet to implemented in the educational institutions of the province and has not been signed by Chief Minister Shahbaz Sharif."




Unblockable ad-block nag: Plonk!




I'm glad they are finally standing up in solidarity to Muslim women. America would be proud 




He is also proposing a 5% grade boost for the women wearing hijab. Never mind that Punjab has other religions, Sikhs and Hindus actually. He is getting some heat for this at least. One of Bhutto's daughters asked what the boys will do for a grade boost. Hahaha.




"Just Oppress It."




"Just do it"

*if your husband let's you




I'm fine with a woman's choice to wear hijab. Only if it is her choice. I also wouldn't care if nuns still wore veils or when Jews wear yarmulkes. Nike supporting diversity isn't equivalent to cheerleading oppression.




*lets

Honestly, you should know this by now. 




LOL - it's Apple iPad auto correct. I didn't notice it changed it.

Fixed because I know it will bother you all week.




The fact that you're young enough to. comment 'lol` but still use Apple is even more disturbing, I assure you.  

And why did you feel the need to specify it was an Apple iPad? What other kind is there? Sony? 




PS: since it's a fact as you say. What is the age group that uses LOL? I'm curious also where did you get your Masters of Internet Linguistics.




*young enough to comment

No period after "to". 

And why did you feel the need to be a neckbeard? 




Wow. LOL

Let it go buddy. Let's just forget it happened. 




From dealing with shitposters like you for over a decade. If I'd gone to an actual school, I'd have a doctorate by now. 




I'm not your buddy, guy. 




I'm not your buddy, guy. 




> If I'd gone to an actual school, I'd have a doctorate by now.

Not with your condescending attitude you wouldn't.




I'm not your guy, pal.




I think you underestimate a university based on Internet culture. 




Title: 
The beaches where Lego keeps washing up

Comments: 
TIL There's a sub-sub-culture of lego dragon beach collectors




I remember something similar happening when a container of Nikes fell off a cargo ship. Nike tried to get all the shoes anyone found back but people were like fuck you, they're mine now.




Didn't this happen with rubber duckies?




If I ever find myself alone on a deserted island and I'm gonna be there for a while, I hope a bunch of legos wash up to shore.  It would give you something to do and legos are awesome anyways.




>No-one knows exactly what happened next, or even what was in the other 61 containers, 

And we are apparently all fine with that?




At first I thought it was all nautical themed-legos, which would've been pretty cool.




Lets all have a moment of silence for the feet of any beach goer in that area.




Do you think there is another beach where Mega Bloks are washing up?




[deleted]




The jokes about Lego and feet are obviously hilarious, but it's weird that no one is actually talking about the important parts of the article.

http://magicseaweed.com/news/the-two-minute-beach-clean/5998/




Did this bother anyone else?

First the article says-

"No-one knows exactly what happened next, or even what was in the other 61 containers, but shortly after that some of those Lego pieces began washing up in both the north and south coasts of Cornwall."

Then

 "She says the ship's manifest - a detailed list of everything in the containers - shows a whole range of Lego items, not all sea-themed."





That beach is a minefield!




This is the kind of stuff that makes the world interesting




Ironic that most of the pieces are life jackets and sea weed




ITT: Stepping-on-Lego jokes.

^^^Just ^^^like ^^^any ^^^Lego-related ^^^thread ^^^on ^^^Reddit




Did anybody else notice the picture of the broom? It makes me immediately think of the Harry potter sets that didn't come out until the first movie was coming in 2001. How'd that get there?




Running barefoot on that beach is out of the question




Today you all learn that the plural of Lego is Lego.




Would be interesting if it were related to the severed feet that wash up around here.

http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Salish_Sea_human_foot_discoveries




Our offerings haven't pleased Cthulhu....




Those pieces look like they are part of the Time Machine Ship set!




at least the garbage is fun




How do they not know what was in the other containers?




Even more ironic is the fact that most of these pieces are nautical themed.




Imagine trying to have beach walk. It'll be like a minefield.




Worst beach to walk barefoot on. Oh the humanity. 




TIL I am going to this beach and scavenging in like Gollum. 

Precious Lego, Precioouuussssss....




I guess the pictures are all posed, but it seems strange that you'd find individual pieces - aren't Lego bound up in sets and boxes? Unless they ship the pieces loose and assemble them closer to the final point of sale.




Another reason to hate Legos.




I's still rather step on a jelly fish than a gotdam lego. 




Hah! Anybody notice all the Lego life jackets in there? It's like the Lego Titanic hit an iceberg, and we're all just witnessing the gory aftermath.




I want to go to there




This story...I want to go to this beach. 




This is the more fun version of an oil spill.




Tides go in and out you can't explain that. 




It's like mass producing tiny little plastic blocks that can't be recycled has consequences or something.




Literally my favorite era of legos. I know some of them are pretty beaten up (understandably so) but that seems like a gold mine to me.




I. . . I recognized that they were 90's Lego before actually reading the article.  I may have played with these too much as a kid.  




as if sharp rocks weren't enough




Jesus Christ, people. The plural of 'LEGO' is 'LEGO'. Not 'LEGOs'.




It doesn't say what they do with the lego. I'd be cleaning up the undamaged pieces and whacking job lots on ebay.




http://honestslogans.com/post/15192620812/lego




I'm amazed at how pristine those are. Nothing grew on them in 17 years.




Its like Floaty Friends 2, Electric Boogaloo.




This goes second on the list of worst European beaches, right after Normandy.




In the photo of the cutlass, there are small, cylindrical bits made of rubber or plastic. Does anyone know what they are? I've seen them on other beaches and always wondered about them.




Wish I would have known about this in 1997.




Seems like a loaded article when they specifically call out Lego, but loads of objects wash up on those beaches all the time.




man, that's unfair.  all we ever get are left feet (though sometimes there's a shoe attached). 




17 years at sea and they still look new.




Sounds like my kind of beach.




>"Tracking currents is like tracking ghosts - you can't see them. You can only see where flotsam started and where it ended up"

TIL ghosts carry flotsam. 




I did a doubletake at the guy's name. Ebbemeyer. Ebb and Flow. No?




[deleted]




[deleted]




I was 8 when this happened, I remember my old man taking me down to the beach and we got loads of the same white lego horse, but it was missing it's face / neck IIRC. It wasn't the free lego bonanza me and my friends were anticipating.. crazy to hear it's still washing up. 




I live in falmouth in cornwall and i have found a few pieces on the beach but i never knew where they came from until now.




Why aren't containers tied down with steel cables and stuff?




This makes me think that somewhere maybe there is a hermit crab with a lego brick for a shell.  That makes me smile.




Damn. Nina Hartley got really old.




Free legos, why complain?




I found this story weirdly beautiful. I hope a little kid found himself a sweet-ass dragon.




I'm more surprised that that beach looks so good




That actually looks like a lot of fun. :)




I thought the life preserver lego pieces floating off onto the beaches was a nice touch of humor.




As a seashell hunter/beach-comber since childhood, this is both **postmodern fun**... and kinda' sad.




I wonder how many fish have died after ingesting one of those Lego.




That would be amazeballs. I totally love waffles!




Didn't this happen with rubber ducks once too if I recall? 




holy crap i want to collect them all. There are rare ones, its like Pokemon cards.




Great now my kid will want to go visit there.




I wish I had that much Lego ,my wife claims I do.




Dear Ocean: Leggo my Lego.




After all terrible news from Gaza and MH17, I felt relieved that I found this. 




This sounds like a beach from hell.




The beach of eternal torment...




At the top of the article it said that the contents of the rest of the lost containers was unknown then later it said there was a lady with a manifest of everything that was onboard. Lazy journalism 




If the containers would have been like [lego pieces](http://cdn.ebaumsworld.com/mediaFiles/picture/2257038/82740102.jpeg), no way any would have fallen overboard 




poor redditor who decided making a lego boat would be a good idea




with the coral reef depleting, what else would we accidentally step on in equivalent agony?  nature always finds a way.




And here was I planning to go barefoot on the beach this year.




Damn it, I have spent half of my life on the beaches of Cornwall with a lot of time down Perranporth / Perran Sands and I don't think I have ever found cool lego at the beach!




A container with cocaine in it once washed up on a Polynesian island. The women thought it was washing powder and complained that it didn't soap up at all.




So there's still a chance we can get my boyfriends sunglasses back




>and recently received an email from someone in Melbourne who found a flipper which they think could be from the Tokio Express spillage.

Intriguing omission, especially since they mention Florida in the next paragraph. There's a Melbourne on the east coast of Florida - I'm going to guess that's where the email came from. 




That Tracy is one hot mama!




So Thats why I did not receive my legos for christmas that year




Man they're so lucky. Lego's are fucking expensive.




Screw this noise, I'm going to swim in Australia, that sounds safer.




Just imagine how many pieces were swallowed by poor animals.




This story made me happy for some reason. And that's usually impossible first thing Monday morning. I love how the locals competitively collect pieces!!




This is so much better than the beach that people find cocaine on. 




> If you heard that your neighbour had found a green dragon, you'd want to go out and find one yourself.

Heh.




By the looks of it the LEGO life jackets worked!




Fuck the lego store, im gonna go to one of those beaches. 




Photographer found a cutlass and never told the lady looking for one. Douche




All those pieces and they'll still never find the top part of the dragon's jaw.




Very cool. I'd like to dump some of my kid's Legos there to get rid of them.




They should've tried using these at Normandy.




Oh man, I was giddy until this line:

> But there's also a dark side to the story, he says. If Lego is on land then it's fun. If it's on the ocean it's deadly, a poison for birds. If you lose one container with 5m pieces of Lego in it, that is a catastrophe for wildlife.




Lost toy did not wish to remain lost...




And I complain when I walk into the water and step on small stones...




I hope that beach has signs up warning of walking barefoot.




Fun fact: the life jackets float just like a real one. 




I didn't know its was as much of a big thing there anymore to be honest, since i live near there its odd to find out its still a major thing to go looking for lego on the beach.




In 1997 I was in the prime of my lego years. I recognize most of these. Especially the dragons with the detachable mouths. Those were awesome.




There is a link to another page:

http://www.bbc.com/news/magazine-20578627

which in turn links back to Reddit:

http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/iy0ew/how_many_legos_stacked_one_on_top_of_the_other/






I like how they don't claim fault when they make this useless shit that takes a billion years to decompose.




ocean lego's aye?  i love it when people collect trash.  Then proudly display the trash they've collected.  lol, geez.  sorry nature, we fucked you up again.




Well, I'd take Legos over the severed feet in tennis shoes we get here any day.




Glad to know the lego pieces were recovered mankind is saved.




The article lists the ship's manifest of lego items that were lost.  That's really nice.  That's the sort of thing BBC lets you know, but CNN just tells you how the legos are responsible for recent gun violence.




Interesting article. I love Legos, they keep my kids busy and happy.




I would pay someone so much money to go to that beach for me, get a few Legos, and mail them to me.^I'm^completely^serious 

Edit: seriously someone get me one.




The deadliest beach ever. Lego pieces mixed all throughout the sand!

Nope.




I recently learned that only Americans say "Legos". Apparently in Europe the singular Lego is correct. 




*"Everything is awesome, everything is cool when your"*....walking on Legos 






they should make this a touristy spot so kids can come and treasure hunt free legos and clean that shit up at the same time.




Whelp... if legos feel half as painful in a throat as they do on the soles of my feet then the sea life and aquatic birds in the area are fucked.





Let's run down the dunes into the sea! Weeee...OHMYGOD! AARGH!




One of the world's deadliest beaches.




Imagine running on that beach!




That beach is a fucking goldmine...Legos are so stupid expensive now.




I found this article more fascinating then I should have. I would also love to set Legos wash up on a beach.. 




I'm glad Lego is ok with these people taking the Legos instead of demanding they all be returned or somthing silly like that




A million legos and not one of them is a block.




I don't understand. When I had my Lego, I kept it in a box under my bed so nobody could take it and I wouldn't lose it. That was with a few thousand pieces I guess.

What kind of idiot let's a box this size get taken from under their bed and then thrown in the sea?




I used to like nice long walks on the beach, now I'm haunted with the thought that i will stand on a lego.




That Cthulhu was very fitting.




Thank you for not saying legos.




All I got from this story was FREE LEGO!




I wanna find me one of those dragons.




I love seeing news posts that aren't all deah and disaster. It makes the world feel nice.




If I had dumped millions of Legos in the ocean in 1997 is be hated by millions and still be in jail.
Lego ie plastic doesn't degrade easily and seeing as how it's in the English Channel I highly doubt enough sun will do it fast enough.
Today I carry on learning that I hate people




I was at uni, when was I not.




well look at the article on aol about all the containers that fall off and are lost each year-thats alot of insurance -why not use the principle of airbags that inflate with gas and float the containers if they fall off and then use magnets to pick them out 
-i mean i played lego and mechano when i was kid and now i have kids i wish lego actually made the bits magnetic(i emailed them ages ago suggesting that) you'd only have to use some metal glitter in the plastics and then you could use a magnet to pick the pieces up and hold them together when built-lego could even use recycled plastics from junk yards to create them and they could diversify there business into lots of things including space projects they would be perfect if they created blocks that fold into a flat layer-easier for transportation and then just unfold and build and seal
dream t about pyramids last night but could they have used molds of blocks filled with sand and just heated them so the grains fused together-i heat turns sand to glass --could they have intensified heat using magnifying glasses to create the blocks -how strong is a block of glass or heat then sudden cooling by pouring water on them to cool how would that affect fusion -water from the nile
having to give up on aol as everytime i go to post it kids me off now-they must'nt like what i've got to say-but thats the same as what happened to the huffington post a couple of years ago-i explained those advents under the alias dragonfly10- just a brief synopses because it was weird-you ever get the feeling your being hacked we all know were being monitored -i mean the fact is you could see potential radicals on this comments or people who disagree with govs -thats what the moderators are for they read them and decide if they are printed-

it's safe to assume the NSA would employ moderators so they got a heads up and they all ready have the email addresses when you sign up and they don't need warrants-so someone real reads them then would tell another higher up about the person commenting and then put them in the system-i only say that because it happened on nbcnews.com when i was under novapan003-then my landlord turned up with a file the size of war and piece asking me if i wanted to go jail-i told him he'd got the wrong guy-or did he-thankgod they can;t arrest me for anything-the fact if it was true they work for the gov and thats a different land classification for those who don't know americas made up of different land class washington dc where the gov is -is a diff type from a state but that has advantages and disadvantage-so they have different laws from the rest of america-like a different country hence the name DISTRICT(not state) OF COLUMBIA-peurto ricos part of america-but they don't even get to vote for the president but still fall under american law-if thats not breaking civil rights i don't know what is -so the fact of the land class technically they have no right to investigate outside that area-so they ruin everycase they ever had including any they are involved in on a state level-funny i wrote to the NSA to get a job a while ago and then to see if they had me on there lists to see if they would say-no answer but if you took them to court they would have to submit all evidence so you could see what they monitored
i wonder if that was the case how you could get political asylum-how does that process work anyway-we'll have to ask ed Snowden-when are we going to find out the truth about that-isn't that what journalists meant to do-you can knock Murdoch but they don't like him because he prints what they don't want people to know-even wrote to the MOD in britain-ministry of defense-as i have duel nationality between the UK and america and lived there 1977-1999 till i came back to america
is there a way anyone knows if you can tell if someones hacking your home computer from the house - do landlords need to approve monitoring in homes for legal reasons for renters and would they have to notify the tenant -i mean look at comcasts security with the cameras-who whats those-i mean there would be real humans in your community-and the fact that i live where the 9/11 world trade center pilots were trained-i had just moved down because of my wifes job transfer- saw total recall with colin farrel one of the few that are as good as the original-you wouldn't want a wife like his would you--i used to love those old ealing comedies -maybe they should use a few of those ideas like a great film whiskey galore




Legos have been around forever as a boring little toy.  Suddenly, thanks to the magic of expensive marketing, people think these little shit things are magical, genius pieces of extruded plastic that are a catalyst for burgeoning intelligence. 

These are the same people who actually believe that KALE is a super food.

Dumb




I heard that Syria's Assad filled shipping containers with bodies of his enemies and dumped them in the Med so the mass graves wouldn't be found later . . .




Pretty certain this is one of the circles of hell. 

Imagine if it was hot and you start hoping!?




Mental note: remember to always wear shoes on this potential feet ouching beach




Step on a shell...ow. Step on a lego...




Octopi.  It's Octopi, interviewed lady.  




[removed]




I know where the Legos came from 




So not only do I have to worry about zebra muscles, but legos too? Looks like i won't be swimming this year




Also, TIL the plural of Lego is Lego. I've been adding an "s" my entire life; the horror!




There's a sub-sub-sub-culture of lego subs.




> TIL There's a sub-sub-culture of lego dragon beach collectors

Alright... Who the hell would know information like this anyway?




This also happened with a shipment of 28,000 rubber ducks in 1992. The incident eventually provided a lot of data into ocean currents. I think. Here's a link: http://www.rubaduck.com/news/rubber-ducks-circumnavigate-globe




didn't someone ultimately set up a website for people to trade the mismatched shoe sizes?




So you get to keep a salt-water-logged shoe? Cool, you win, I guess?




My favorite example was when 100 containers washed up on a beach and one contained a bunch of BMW motorcycles

http://www.theguardian.com/environment/2007/jan/23/pollution.uknews




I think you have the story confused. They wanted to know where people picked them up to gather data on currents.




Someone posted an article that included info about the Nike shoes! They estimate 60,000 pair fell into the ocean and that they would float for more than 10 years. 




My grandparents lived on the beach in Rockaway, OR when that happened. When my grandparents would take their morning walks they'd collect all the shoes they'd find. Eventually there was a swap meet where everyone came and tried to find matching pairs. My grandfather eventually ended up with three pair of pretty basic red Nike's. Other than my church and my grandmother's funeral he wore those red Nike's every day right up until the day he died.




why would they think they could do this, seriously?




There was also that container of Justin Bieber CD's that went overboard.  People went looking for it to see if it had extra space.




There is a bunch of rubber duckeys that have washed up world wide too.




[Yes It Did](http://listverse.com/2013/06/02/10-bizarre-things-that-washed-up-on-beaches/)




Yup, over 28,000 of them. Its happened countless times with various ships carrying different things. If you're interested in the subject at all try reading "Moby Duck" by Donovan Hohn.




It did -- I used to teach 9th grade Earth Science, and this incident was a lengthy word problem in the text for the oceanography unit. Students were given time, date, and coordinates of various finds on beaches around the Pacific, then plot the locations and calculate rates of travel of the ducks.

There was another incident with Nike sneakers.




until you need that one piece that you cant find!




And then you could make a boat and escape!

If you're rich enough for the boat motor module.




Do not forget to write the word "help" in large-enough letters to be seen by Google Earth satellites.




Sand castles are for plebeians.




If you found enough, you could build yourself some [shelter](http://www.topgear.com/au/photos/james-may-lego).




*LEGO is




A beach with randomly appearing Lego seems like the **WORST** idea I've ever heard. 




This one works out well, too; all those pictured pieces are ocean themed. Little flippers, seaweeds and life vests? Perfectly themed for your new island life.




I threw one in the water just in case




I'm fine with that. 




[deleted]




> And we are apparently all fine with that?

Well, it was *obviously* alien artifacts. They don't have to spell it out.




It's cool with me.




I was on Scilly that autumn and some of the divers there definitely know some of it because I remember them going out and recovering plenty of this stuff. I remember the divers yard had loads of tyres that he'd pulled up.

Some assorted bits were on display in the museum when I last went.





Looks like they all are. The gun-looking thing goes with a scuba diver; I had one in a set when I was a kid.




It was a pirate. Washing up shores like, "A-hoy, mate! Yar, the sea was a harsh mistress but me and my laddies made landfall! Commence plunder and pillage!"




I think you mean awesome.




I guess now we know why feet are washing up elsewhere.




/r/predictabletopcomment

edit: this is now a real subreddit, apparently




What, [these](http://www.selectism.com/files/2013/03/lego-in-pieces-exhibition-16.jpg) don't look comfy?




Not to mention all the sea life that has died from ingesting chunks of plastic




I'm certainly going to stop complaining about all the stingrays and skates I step on at the beach I usually go to. 




/r/im14andfrom9gagLELE




Legos don't hurt when you step on them. This joke is overused and not even funny.




[deleted]




Have kids, can confirm.  Legos destroy feet.  




Am I the only one who wears and wore slippers as a kid?! I was lucky to have plenty of LEGOs and never once stepped on a piece.




HARHARHAR YOU SO ORIGINAL! I mean, who would have thought?! A joke about ***stepping on lego***! HAHAHAHAHA




Probably just off the coast of hell.




Why did you stop? 




Legos are pretty damn important.




More like "no-one cares what was in the other 61 containers." Because LEGO.




Those other containers possibly did not belong to LEGO, it would be ridiculous to think there are whole containerships of lego. I supose in those containers of unclear origin might contain even some illegal cargo, from other companys.




Also; polluted. 




LEGO broom pieces were around long before Harry Potter. Source: I had lots of LEGO sets in the 90's.




And pointy hats were of older edition too. Had a nice blue colored wizzard, with two wheel cart with traussure on it. Now when I think of it ,it could have been gandalf reference.




Additional TIL: People get irrationally upset over using the correct plural form of Lego.




Well, technically it's not a plural. "Lego *is* washing up". It's used as an incountable noun here, like "sand" or "dust"




I bet the schools of fishes have been loving playing with Legos for 17 years.




And it's offside not offsides in football (soccer). Reddit doesn't care about correct grammar when they all fuck it up, but if you use the wrong your suddenly you're an idiot. 




They have.  
Look how the popularity of LEGO has increased since the 90s.

[Ia! Ia! Cthulhu fhtagn!](http://news.bbcimg.co.uk/media/images/76352000/jpg/_76352126_legooctopuschallaborough.jpg)




well he's a dick. Like wtf dude! They're fuckin' legos!




They do, they just don't care.




I imagine them having all the parts in those machines like coffee beans, you just hold up the bag to the spout and count off.




Do you also hate oil?




[deleted]




........were we supposed to stop?




It's nice to have the BBC back us up on this. "LEGOs" sounds as silly as "sheeps".




In Denmark (where LEGO was invented) we simply call them LEGO bricks. LEGO is the name of the company, not the bricks. 




Get over it, people will colloquially call things the way they want.




http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Plastic_particle_water_pollution

Be wary of buying cosmetics with microbeads. Plastic is forever, and that stuff washes right down the drain.

Also, don't litter.




Are they rubber or plastic?  They look like [Sea Glass](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sea_glass) to me.




They look like sea glass to me (including the red piece under the cutlass). 

As someone who likes to beach comb for sea glass, my first thought, on seeing that picture, was "holy crap, motherload" 





Exactly, is was born that year so it really shouldn't surprise me.. 




given the proximity to the military base that was bombed in WW2 you might even find a nice variety of shells too!




they are, it's not like like they just drop containers left and right, but sometimes things break




That's fucking horrible for aquatic life.




Some people just type "legos" because they know it annoys the lego police.




"LEGO" is already plural. We don't refer to individual blocks as "a LEGO", it's just a piece of LEGO. A block, a brick, etc..

If one had a box full of bits of steel would one say "a box of steels"? Similarly it's just "a box of LEGO".




Shouldn't the title just say "Lego bricks" or "Lego pieces"?  




LEGO is possibly the coolest company when it comes to their customers. You can email them and tell them "uh, there is a piece that is missing" and they will just mail them to you no questions asked and apologize. check out /r/lego for some examples of awesome custom service. People who work there love the company too.




Ladies and gentleman, the longest sentence of all time!




No there popular because there fun  to build with.




[Octopi is acceptable, but octopuses is correct, or octopodes of you're British.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wFyY2mK8pxk)




Octopus is from Greek, not Latin, so if you want to be pedantic and apply another language's grammar to your English words, just for old time's sake, it's actually octopodes. But once it became an English word, there's no problem with pluralizing it in English, so octopuses is just fine. "octopi" is only from a mistaken assumption that the "-us" at the end is a Latin noun ending.




Did you...read the article?




Some AFOLs(Adult Fan of Lego) treat using Legos as a mortal sin. People only really care if they are pretentious and forget that it is a toy made for having fun.




The correct plural form is in fact not Lego but LEGO bricks. Colloquially Legos is acceptable.




Seriously the ONLY reason I came here was to compliment the reporter for properly saying LEGO instead of LEGOS.




I'm going to go out on a limb here and say that Don probably knows a few




It was written about in this academic book:
http://www.amazon.com/Little-Rubber-Ducks-Board-Harper/dp/006196428X




Also provided a lot of data on what makes bathtime lots of fun




I presume the container was sealed.




I went down to the beach and found 30 Ferraris. I decided to destroy it as I didn't want any peasants to get their hands on it.




No, they were going to destroy them. I'm assuming it was an insurance thing.




"The ducks were abandoned in the middle of the Pacific Ocean while on a voyage from Hong Kong to the United States, and they’ve since shown up in far off places like South America, Australia, Hawaii, Alaska, Scotland, Newfoundland, and the Atlantic. Some are even frozen in Arctic ice."

That's amazing really.




Thanks for that link.

To imagine... I missed out on bags and bags of Doritos. I could have saved tens of dollars...

TENS OF DOLLARS!




A fascinating book, if a little rambling, that covers a lot of ground about all the junk now floating in world oceans and their environmental impact.  It's full title for those interested: *Moby-Duck: The True Story of 28,800 Bath Toys Lost at Sea & of the Beachcombers, Oceanographers, Environmentalists & Fools Including the Author Who Went in Search of Them*.




[deleted]




Lego is not water tight, I found out the hard way when attempting to make a lego bong many many years ago... [It seemed a good idea at the time]




Hahaha...motorboat...




This sounds like a job for [r/theydidthemath](http://www.reddit.com/r/theydidthemath)!




we'll get through to them one day




Nobody cares... 




[deleted]




If you were a company whose business centers around billions(?) of tiny pieces of plastic, wouldn't you keep meticulous records?

The ship manifest was likely originally created by Lego. And the other companies who had containers on the ship just did not have as detailed of a cargo list.




Ships manifest would have documentation on the content of all the 61 lost cointainers, the story is about Legos.

Nothing gets sent on a container ship without being documented, somewhere.

Now as for being totally fine with losing 61 cointainers overboard and not doing a damn thing to pick up the trash in the ocean - duh? 




> She says the ship's manifest - a detailed list of everything in the containers - shows a whole range of Lego items, not all sea-themed. After all this time "it's the same old things that keep coming in with the tide", particularly after a bad storm.




It lists the kits: Divers, Aquazone, Aquanauts, Police, Fright Knights, Wild West, Robo Force, Time Cruisers, Outback, Pirates.

So 4/10 are nautical.




And the dragons? Did your nautical LEGO sets come with dragons? Because I sure wish mine had.




I used to find hundreds of those tiny flowers!




Ironically, that has been happening on the west coast of Canada:

http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Salish_Sea_human_foot_discoveries




I am pretty disappointed that isn't a real subreddit. I could browse it for hours.




/r/subredditsashashtags/




[deleted]




/r/subredditsarenthashtags




/r/ithinkimcontributing




It's like an iron maiden, but for kids!




Has nobody here actually stepped on Lego?

It's not a large surface of lego that hurts, it's an isolated piece, which is small, rock-hard, and all corners.




>PLEASE DO NOT TOUCH

Oh don't you worry.




Or the sinister army of lego-based robotic minions the dolphins have managed to build out of the pieces.




Yea stepping on a Lego seems trivial compared to swallowing one. Youd have to... poop out a lego. The horror. >___<




Ill agree that the joke is overused however it is still funny and yes it hurts when you step on them. Of course that last part is more of an opinion maybe you have thick calists on your feet.




You must've had a particularly bad experience with them. Do you want to talk about it? We're here for you.




RPG d4 dice - also known as caltrops.




> Lego~~s~~ destroy**s** feet.






No, you didn't have LEGOs. You had LEGO.




Thanks I know I am original, I appreciate the sincere comment that is not sarcastic in any way.




I still like to build lego spaceships, but I used to, too.




[removed]




> it would be ridiculous to think there are whole containerships of lego

I can still dream!




Imagine talking to someone who kept saying "Sheeps" in conversation instead of "sheep". Once or twice is ok, but when everyone in the room is saying it you start to get a little crazy. 




I know right. Its not that big of a deal.




It's an interesting fact, not a grammar correction. At least I thought it was interesting when I first found out, and this title reminded me of it.




It is a little 'cringy' when Americans say "Legos".




Yup. [According to Lego](http://lego.gizmodo.com/5019797/everything-you-always-wanted-to-know-about-lego):
>"Lego" is an adjective and is not meant to be a standalone name. It should always be Lego bricks, Lego building, Lego products, etc.




I wasn't referring to the title; just that anyone who reads the comments who didn't know gets to learn it. The title did make me think of this fact, though.




I wasn't correcting the grammar. The nuance of the title (which is correct, and creative) just made me think of the interesting fact.




Yes, as a matter of fact, I do. We have had the opportunity for over a century to develop and use alternative energy. So, unless it's cooking oil, I'm not digging it.




Most municipalities can't recycle ABS plastic, which is what lego bricks are made of. 




And arguing over what to call LEGOs sounds silliest of all.




Not when it's what you've been calling them your entire life. 




I am guessing it would sound even weirder in Denmark because it would be pluralising a verb.




But not all of the pieces are bricks, and since they're all by LEGO, it's easiest to just say "Look at my LEGO!" Instead of "Look at my LEGO brick, my LEGO cannon, my LEGO pirate ship.."




What about leashes to keep dropped containers from floating away once they fall off the deck then?




There was a skit in the Seattle sketch comedy tv show almost live, where bill nye and joel Mchale got their start, that featured a guy doing a narration where he pronounced facade with a hard c. A friend and I started doing that to the point where I honestly pronounce it wrong now.




Play well... .... ....




Are they're?




What is Greek for Rekt?




I have yet to hear a kid not use the plural form of "Legos", so seeing as kids should be the ultimate authority on a toy such as Legos... it is at least proper to do either. 




But...b-but... Grammar! Correct use of language! 'Muricuns r stoopid arghlfehcneakeskjnpsiug...




And yet, nobody says "sheeps".




[deleted]




LEGOS is only an American thing as far as I'm aware, never heard anyone say it.




Unless the sealed container washed up on shore then I doubt that's what happened. but I also don't know why nike wanted them back if they were all salt watery.




Nope, container broke open at sea. Individual shoes washed up on the beach all up and down the west coast of the US (and presumably Canada)




Probably packed in plastic? 




> I went down to the beach and found ~~30~~ 29 Ferraris. 

FTFY, I suspect. 






Good point, not to mention a huge amount of dirty degraded Nike shoes dimishes their logo branding




Nope. [Here](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hansa_Carrier) is a wikipedia link to the great shoe spill of 1990. They were collected by oceanic scientist Curtis Ebbesmeyer.




And terrible.




This seems like something that wasn't really an accident, but some scientists thought it would be a fun experiment and new people wouldn't be happy with the environmental impact of dropping a crate load of rubber ducks into the Pacific.




Mmm . . . Beach Doritos.




Sea salt flavored.




i would buy more doritos, but that fucking powder on it makes it annoying as a snack of any kind.




Guess somebody's following Gillian around tonight 




You can make it water tight with a sealant you lazy ass but a Lego bong is unsanitary as fuck have some standards fellow stoner 




Were you high when came up with said idea?




I actually tried that, and got it to work. I filled each one with silicone calking before sticking them together. It was permanent though. Floated around a friend's apartment for a couple years before it was inevitably lost or stolen. 




Use the KRAGLE




That's what they said about the metric system in the 70's...




Good luck! 




Yes, the company would prefer that you say "LEGO bricks" for brand recognition. I, and the majority of people, don't care about that PR tactic and would prefer to say what comes natural.




I always have and always will call them Legos 




I like how the page describing proper use of the word LEGO® is entirely inconsistent about following its own rules.




I don't think Coca-Cola gets pissed if i say "How many cokes should I grab?"

They know you know what a damn coke is. LEGO shouldnt get uppity if people say legos. 




> If you were a company whose business centers around billions(?) of tiny pieces of plastic, wouldn't you keep meticulous records?

Yes. Because if you're ever unsure what's in a box, taking inventory by counting billions of tiny pieces of plastic is going to be so ridiculously time-consuming that you might as well just throw away the whole container. So you keep records.




That would explain it since Lego loves nowing where every little piece is




Shouldn't there be some kind of industry oversight, though? Like, operators should have at least SOME knowledge (and record) of whatever you're transporting. I'm sure weight and distribution is the most significant issue, but to not even have a clue as to the contents... that seems a little off to me.




How can you transport unidentified goods internationally without a cargo manifest?




Oops, guess I was wrong. Sorry about that.




FrightKnights is one word, you filthy casual.




All were nautical, you just needed a good imagination and some spare propeller pieces.




That's the joke.




You felt the need to share that as I sit here, in my dark spare room, on my phone with feet out of the blanket, in fucking British Columbia. 




14,000 instances of "Just the tip"




Could make it one?




It wouldn't even take much to make it great. All you would have to do is submit the link to a top comment within the site like /r/bestof. 




Done. But for some reason when i tried to make it with an s it didnt work so i made it /r/predictabletopcomment . 




You'd know each one before you read it, though. Is there really a point in having a subreddit where you already know what each post is without looking?




You don't need it to be a real subreddit. There's already all the default subreddits, just waiting to be browsed.




Just browse reddit as you normally do.




Them being ridiculously long is part of what makes linking to subs fun.




/r/imhelpingimhelping




What do you use the iron maiden for, then?




> Oh don't you worry.

Yeah, it's lego. The sign won't stop anyone from rebuilding them.




A hidden fork placed so the handle is under something and you flip it over when you step on the eating part.




> Lego destroy~~s~~ feet**s**




No, feet is the target noun, not legos.  The correct tense is destroy.  Unless you're talking about a lone lego on a rampage destroying many feet.  




I hope **LEGO** gets lodged in your windpipe, you pedantic fuck.




According to the Lego company, Lego is a brand name, not the name of the toy, which is Lego *bricks*.

Saying "You had Lego" is about as correct as saying "You had Ikea". You did not. You had Lego *bricks* and Ikea *furniture*.




http://giphy.com/gifs/jUwpNzg9IcyrK




You're blocked. See a therapist to help you le go 




That escalated quickly...




Severely molested you, wow. Why not, if you're going to do it. 




It is always good to have dreams.




> Imagine talking to someone who kept saying "Sheeps" in conversation instead of "sheep".

Except that *lego* isn't really a normal word in that sense. It's just a trademark with "rules" that some marketing people made up. Getting upset about how people use the word is about as ridiculous as correcting people who write "Iphone" instead of "iPhone". Just because someone said that's how it should be written doesn't mean you have to care.




Well Lego bricks is a relatively new word in the English language. And the only reason the company wants the plural to be Lego or Lego bricks instead of legos is because they don't want lego to go the way of Kleenex or Xerox and not be a able to control the branding. We the customers are under no obligation to indulge them though.




Aaargh! I can take the pluralised Lego, but why the redundant "of"?! In this case it *is* that big a deal...

It seems [*Big of* Syndrome]( http://www.jstor.org/discover/10.2307/455893?uid=3738032&uid=2460338655&uid=2460338415&uid=2129&uid=2&uid=70&uid=4&uid=83&uid=63&sid=21104365710837) is spreading.




This is true for most of the usage in the comments as well; it's *not a plural*, it's an incountable noun. See also the comment by /u/alexvegas_:

> People (in the rest of the world) just call it Lego, without the bricks.

> It's like saying "pass me some wools so I can knit" or "this beach is covered in sands".





If people had been calling sheep sheeps their entire life that doesn't make it okay. It makes them wrong. 




You have been incorrect your entire life.




when they fall off it is usually in rough weather, if it broke chains to fall off a leash isn't going to hold it

very few containers fall off, I think each something like a 1000 out of ~120million each year









Sheep has also been a word for a few hundred years longer than Legos. 




Because that would be a plural of a plural. The singular of "sheep" is "shoop":
http://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/shoop




Wow someone stepped on one too many LEGO that were left around the apartment.

http://global3.memecdn.com/stepping-on-lego_o_243516.jpg




Well I am sure that has something to do with the way Americans can't and don't care to educate themselves. Take the other commenter here that replied to my post. He is convinced that he is the center of the universe...




Because to wear their logo, you must pay them at least $100, goram it.




> I also don't know why nike wanted them back

Insurance and tax write-offs usually require physical destruction of the goods where possible. Similar reason as to why [Atari buried a bunch of ET cartridges](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Atari_video_game_burial) decades ago. Nike probably couldn't give a shit and were just going through the motions to keep the lawyers happy. 




Happened with BMW motorcycles a few years back 




Containers fall of ships and wash up on shore all the time. I got a whole bunch of sneakers for 2 euros when that happened where I live. :P




Then why was Nike worried about people taking waterlogged shoes they can no longer sell? And that nobody in their right mind would wear.




No, he destroyed *all* of them. He went apeshit when he saw a filthy casual try to take one. 




In thousands of years, geologists will still be digging them out of core samples and cursing our hubris. 




Limited edition




Nope.  Get the machete. 




Ah, yes, Gillian.  Gilligan's hot, secret twin sister.




Toughen up princess.




How are you going to make it water tight?

-I will use sealant. 




This was many many years ago, don't smoke any more... At that point I just gambled and lost.. 




Yeah OP just seal it.




I'd just take an unattractive glass bong and cover it in legos.




Yes because passing a bong or joint around to other people is the definition of sanitary.




Why not make the whole boat with nothing but sealant?




I was at uni, when was I not.




Hey most americans know it! Just for different reasons




I'm pretty sure it's purely a US thing. In the UK I don't think I've ever heard people refer to Lego as 'legos'. The sentence in the top level comment here sounds odd to me, I would word it:

I hope a *load* of lego *washed* up to shore

But language is a funny thing!




[deleted]




It only comes naturally to you because that is how you have heard other people say it.




Lego is an adjective or collective noun, that's why it grates so much.




Kind of like how no sensible person writes "iPhone". It's an Iphone, damnit. You don't get to make up your own capitalization.




Do you also post on Reddit for the karmas? 




> I don't think Coca-Cola gets pissed if i say "How many cokes should I grab?"

No, but it is why KFC et al have to ask if Pepsi is okay if you ask them for a coke.




I remember seeing that old info graphic of what people called soda in different geographical areas and always wondering "who are these crazy fucks that call everything coke?". Now I know, they're the same people that call Lego legos. I bet you call "dinkies" "cars" and every video game a nintendo too, don't ya?  Don't ya?




When someone says "how many Cokes should I grab" everyone knows they're still referring to Coca-Cola. With LEGO on the other hand, there are tons of ripoff brands that people mistake for LEGO, or think *are* LEGO simply because it looks the same. How many goddamn times has someone tried to sell Megabloks on eBay/Craigslist/at a garage sale, claiming it's LEGO? A LOT. 
Last year, my aunt got my son two huge boxes of knockoff LEGO, the cheapest pieces of plastic I've ever seen in my life. We threw it in the garbage because there was no way I was giving that stuff to Goodwill to let some other poor kid get bleeding fingers from it. 
Coupled with the fact that LEGO has taken a lot of time and effort to get their product to where it is, maintaining the same molds over the years to ensure their pieces all fit together, constantly pumping out new models to coincide with what's "popular". 
Last but lot least, there is no goddamn way The Coca-Cola Movie would be ANYWHERE near as good as The LEGO Movie. 




It was easy to overlook.




I think maybe it's mostly sea-themed pieces washing up ashore because Lego designed most of them to float.




I had no idea actually, all of the 2 word ones didn't have spaces, so I may have overcompensated.  Besides, I had more MegaBlocks as a kid than Legos.




Pretty obscure joke you got there.




[deleted]




It'd be like shittybestof




Cool, I edited my post to reflect the fact that this is now a real subreddit, apparently.




/r/predictabletopcomments

Sounds pretty meta




You wouldn't *necessarily* know.  It could be used like a test to see how well you can predict Reddit's reaction to different posts.  If you haven't been around too long, it'd be a lot harder to guess the top comment.




/u/THUGLIFEGANGSTER1998 was stating fact, not opinion. Subreddit titles cannot exceed 20 characters.




/r/shitithinkiamalittlelate

Hold my beer, I'm going in.




Rocking out obviously.




> Lego destroy ~~feets~~ **footseses**






The plural of LEGO is LEGO.




"Legos" is not a word.




Would you call a group of sheep sheeps? That would sound pretty silly. 




And that escalated quickly.




Your an idiot.




What did it say? 




What did he say??




Goddamnit Barb.




No, it's not that at all. It's that ever since it came out most of the world has used the plural "Lego". Nobody is suggesting you use the capitalised LEGO at every reference. To people who have called it lego their whole life, much like words like sheep and wool, hearing "legos" is really annoying. 




Exactly. Insisting on calling legos "Lego bricks" is like insisting on calling baind-aids "Band-Aid brand adhesive bandages". "Legos" is perfectly proper, corporate brand protection be damned.




He was just suggesting that it doesn't sound funny if you have been saying it that way your whole life, not that he is correct.




[If only it were really that simple](http://blog.oxforddictionaries.com/2013/02/when-does-wrong-become-right/)




I mean something loose, so that the overboard containers won't float away. Not something for them to hang on.




What difference does that make?




[deleted]




From now on "Go ram it" will be my go to profanity.

EDIT: oh ok I have note watched Firefly. Still gonna use this as my profanity from now on. Along with Frak.




you can get Nikies for like 45 bucks at Fredmeyer and such.




"Yeah we'd like to make a claim, we just lost a container full of shoes to the open seas.""WELL SIR WE'RE GOIJG TO NEED SOME PROOF OF DAMAGES WE CAN'T JUST GO GIVING AWAY MONEY ALL WILLY NILLY""Sure let me just call up our submersible division and they'll get right on it"




They just dug up a bunch of those ET cartridges too... 




What a wonderful world we live in where everyone's goal is to go out of their way and destroy their own property just to keep lawyers happy.





oh shit, that's sweet. imagine finding a container full of free bmw motorcycles.




The fuck if I know, but that's how it happened. My grandfather wore free beach Nike's after that incident up until the day he died.




"all"

Because he didn't want anyone else driving a Ferrari around and devaluing the one he has. 

...which apparently he got *really* recently...

(it's a joke. Never mind)




I doubt they'll be cursing our hubris.  Much of the cool stuff that we dig up now was rubbish to the people of the time.




If we keep producing rubber duckies, we aren't going to be around for thousands of years.




>In thousands of years, geologists will be extinct like the rest of us

FTFY




Or ponder our waterfowl-worshiping religion.




Now appearing at Taco Bell




Not hot. She looks suspiciously like Bob Denver in a wig.




Id just like to point out that unsanitary conditions can lead to bacterial infection and those are no joke.






Tokenup princess.




something something relevant user name




Calm down, they're getting high, not covering a floor in pennies.




Oh! I get it, drugs.

^^^^^^**HaHa**




In Germany we call them "LEGO Steine" which translates to "LEGO bricks", might really just be a US thing.




Its got nothing to do with the PR department...why would it? Legos and Lego have the same value as far as brand recognition is concerned. It just sounds weird to every non-US country. Like saying "waters" or "sands" (in the common context in which those would be incorrect). You have a glass of water, and individual water molecules, not a glass of waters. 




I'm actually thankful Pepsi places ask if Pepsi is alright...because for me personally - no, it isn't alright and I'm interested in other products they may serve.  (Incidentally I'm one of the those people who calls all soda coke) 




Wtf is a "dinkie" 




>I remember seeing that old info graphic of what people called soda in different geographical areas and always wondering "who are these crazy fucks that call everything coke?". 

Atlanta, the home of Coke. Spent the summer of '96 there. Always made me pause when I heard people refer to all soda as Coke. Hand you a root beer? "Here's your Coke"






Obviously, you've never lived in the South.  Referring to any soda as a Coke is the third most popular way after soda and pop.  On the other hand, I've much rarely heard LEGO being used to refer to any kind of building block toy.   Still heard it, but not to the extent of Coke.




we all make mistakes.




>  Besides, I had more MegaBlocks as a kid than Legos.

wtf. Did your parents hate you?




mega blocks? you poor poor child.




You had more megablocks? Are you like a child supervillin, mixing them up in the other kids bins




> Legos

now you've done it...




Yes.

[*deadpan*]




/r/gollumasagrammarnazi 




Same goes for elk, fish, deer, shrimp, aircraft... There are hundreds of examples.




If "sheeps" had become a genericized trademark for any quadripedal ruminant mammal that is strikingly similar to those bred by The SHEEP Group, then... yes, I might.




You're 




And I called it legos as a child. Want to know why? Because no one corrected it, because I don't think anyone knew. I don't think Lego cared back in the early 90s.. Everyone referred to it as legos. 

Sorry to burst your bubble. 




People (in the rest of the world) just call it Lego, without the bricks. 

It's like saying "pass me some wools so I can knit" or "this beach is covered in sands". 




But it isn't Lego bricks either! It's just Lego. 




in the kind of weather that would cause containers to  fall overboard it would have to be very very strong leash and there is a long way from the top of the stack to the water




If Legos had been around for hundreds of years, more people might care about the spelling of the word. As is, it's a silly argument about a made up word that only purists care about  




I'd assume so...with the talk of anal insertion you have to keep those clean. I'd recommend something else instead of the LEGO, but you seem set on putting them in your anal cavity.




It's a reference to the show Firefly:

http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=goram




Frak goram it.




Please don't say this stuff in real life.




Have you not watched Firefly?




Firefly is overrated. Don't worry about it. 




Don't forget "frell"




Watch Firefly right now you absolute pancake.




Grandpa Nikes.




>Fred Meyer

FTFY and hello fellow northwesterner.





i'm imagining the beach being like a pick-your-own field with all the different sizes and colors. the hard part would be finding the matching shoe.




Very true. 

Source: studied archaeology, love a good midden.




I hear that. I went to the WWII museum in New Orleans and it made me realize I shouldn't throw away all the trash I still have in my army boxes. Even the stupid paper pogs we got for change from the on-post stores will be cool to historians in a century or so.




The difference is the people of the past left pottery and coinage, not toxic and dangerous to wildlife plastics. 




Especially those raggedy old mummies...




Most of the stuff we dig up was rubbish, but most of the cool stuff wasn't. I mean anything can be interesting to an archaeologist, but most of the stuff you'll find in a museum was rare and expensive in its own time.




Rubber, yes. Plastic, no.




The rubber duckies will enslave us like the Cardassians did to Bajor. And we will love it.




They don't have to be humans.




"Taco Bell doesn't lie to you about their food being healthy. Taco Bell is like 'hey, we're putting shit in Doritos, get down here'" - Chris Porter.




[deleted]




They isolated him from us.. He is long gone, lost in the deserted, mysterious land of MegaBlock....




or they didn't feel like forking over the extra cash? they're not the same, but goddamn if they aren't less ridiculously overpriced.




Oh, so suddenly insisting on correct grammar doesn't mean being a "pedantic fuck" anymore?




Fuck it let's start WW3 over this shit. Who needs a downed plane or another war in the Middle East. [This](http://starcasm.net/wp-content/uploads/2010/10/Homer-Simpson_Catholic_Future.jpg) is what we should devote our time and energy towards.




Surprise, surprise, there are people who have not seen it, and don't want to. The exact same with many other tv shows. How completely world ending that someone doesn't get a reference from a show that only had one season and aired over 10 years ago. 




There were swap meets up and down the coast where people traded shoes. My grandparents walked on the beach together every morning the whole time they lived there and when the shoe incident happened they collected something like 30 or 40 individual shoes. Eventually through the swaps my grandfather ended up with three pair of red shoes and my grandmother with one pair in blue. He wore those shoes like it was a religion, she wore hers only for beach walking.




mind blown




I've actually heard that sort of thing is quite common among Americans when it comes to differences in language. Someone told me "dived" would make an American think the person who said it was childish, but it's actually just correct grammar in more common usage in the UK. Same with pronouncing the "h" in "herb". 




Megabloks are awesome now. Especially their Halo line!




Your is possessive. You're is "you are". I could care less about Lego vs Legos. I'm just trying to help you not look like an idiot due to the misspelling of common English words. 




We're fighting for freedom to call them whatever we want. They are fighting for fascist corporate branding.




Where did that come from? I asked a question, there was no sarcasm, it wasn't bitter, what made you think I was trying to be hurtful? And on the note about the show, Fawlty Towers had 12 episodes nearly 30 years ago now, and yet you can't live anywhere in England and not get a massive glut of the references, it just genuinely seemed surprising to me that someone on reddit where Firefly references are more abundant than anywhere else hadn't at least heard "goram" before.

I'm sorry, okay.




Some of the themes are awesome, but they still don't stick together like Legos do. The pieces just fall apart. 




Yeah, and I couldn't care less about "your"/"you're" in this case (because it was a deliberate typo for the sake of pointing this out). "Your" isn't correct grammar, and neither is "Legos".

Lego is an uncountable noun. You wouldn't say you're going to eat some "rices" or drink some "waters", so you don't say "Legos" either. Maybe you couldn't care less (even though you said you *could* - just helping you not look like an idiot), but if you don't want people correcting you on that then you also shouldn't be correcting other people's grammatical mistakes either.




Title: 
U.S. Commerce Secretary Ross says deregulation may boost economy

Comments: 
Sure. And putting scorpions in my sneakers might make me jump higher, but that doesn't make it a good idea.




Remember, when they say economy, they mean businesses, their CEOs, and shareholders. Not the average American. Slave wages would also boost the economy.




It's not like we haven't seen this before.  They will privatize profits and socialize costs.  They will cause severe environmental and other damage that the taxpayer will eventually have to pick up.

Beyond environmental, they will fuck consumers as they just did with allowing ISPs to sell your browser history and soon when they kill net neutrality.  

To the GOP, individuals are just corporate canon fodder.




I have an idea.  Let them deregulate everything as long as we can estimate any damage to society or the environment and then bill them for it.  Seems fair to me.




The stock market is at all time highs




New! Nike Scorpion! 

"I can honestly say i have never jumped higher than i jumped when wearing my nike scorpions!" Lebron James




Out of curiosity, are you for the legalization of marijuana? What was your opinion of the (until recent) ban on gay marriage?




To be fair--and I do try to be fair--the browser history thing didn't actually change any behaviors; the law hadn't taken effect before it was repealed. I would have liked to see it stay on the books, but the ISPs could already do what they were now re-permitted to do.

NN removal is a fricking nightmare. It's going to be disastrous for everyone except the biggest companies--not just telco and cable but Amazon and Walmart and such. The ones that can afford the fees will get all the business; the others will go out of business or never start up. NN removal is about as anti-competition as it gets.




I'm actually up in the air on the former; smokable pot smells disgusting and I really don't want to walk through clouds of it.

The latter, I'm about as liberal as you'd expect on Reddit.

The difference is, #1 is a public health issue (or not, I don't have the knowledge to weigh in on the discussion). #2 is a question of individual rights.

Deregulation of the airline industry has led to higher prices, less competition, and a more miserable experience.

Deregulation of the telephone industry was followed by significant innovation (though it should be noted that the regulated industry also produced significant innovation). Prices in general dropped as monopoly disappeared, but they've climbed substantially since consolidation resumed. In places where regulation is not imposed (e.g., prisons) the prices climb to extortionate levels.

Deregulation of the S&Ls led to economic mayhem. 

Deregulation of banking/insurance/loan separations led to the 2008 crash.

An unregulated food industry led to mass poisonings and a pretty good (if grim) book on the subject. 

Unregulated emissions in China led to chewable (albeit poisonous) air, much like the poisonous state of NYC's and LA's air back in the day. Arguably, regulations to remove lead from gasoline may be responsible for the decline in crime we saw in the last couple decades, as those affected by lead pollution age out of the criminal system.

There's a significant difference between regulating things that, without regulation, would result in corporate pillaging of the citizenry, and regulating things that government has no business getting involved in. Government's role is to help ensure the safety and health of its citizens, and to help protect against catastrophe. In areas where regulation does more good than harm, it is important; in areas where regulation does more harm than good, we should regulate with a light touch if at all. In between, we should discuss. 

The question here is whether the benefits of massive deregulation are, as a whole, worth the costs. From food safety to air quality to seat belts saving lives, good regulation is critical. Where it's overdone, it should be pared back. But the presumption should always be that those who issued the regulations were doing so in good faith, and we should accordingly evaluate the fallout from removing those regulations before we repeal them for the sake of some nebulous, potentially poisonous, sense of freedom.




You deserve Reddit Gold but my wages were deregulated.




I don't think it's wise to presume that the people mandating the regulations either had anyone's best interest at heart, or actually knew what the repercussions of their rules would turn out to be. In some cases the laws are an overreaction to things or done just for show. Some of your examples illustrate where government involvement actually made things worse.

It's rational to examine whether the regulations that are currently enforced are actually necessary, and if they are accomplishing what they were intended to accomplish.

While I agree that some regulation is necessary, I wouldn't jump to the conclusion that some deregulation is necessarily bad.




> It's rational to examine whether the regulations that are currently enforced are actually necessary, and if they are accomplishing what they were intended to accomplish.

I agree with this wholeheartedly. I'm all for rational government. But the prevailing sentiment in the White House and the Ryan-and-right wing of Congress seems to presume that regulations are inherently bad things. By all means, evaluate away. But what I've seen proposed so far has ranged from not-terribly-effective to gut-the-country bad. 





Ryan and most of the rest would rather be in the minority and campaign against the democrats than to have to actually govern themselves and risk getting blamed. Anything they actually accomplish will be by accident or out of fear of losing their privilege.

Also, was it better during the previous administrations (Obama, but Bush, too) when the prevailing sentiment was to regulate everything? Is there anyone who actually believes the Sarbanes-Oxley act is actually making things better for anyone?

There are many things, including healthcare and mortgages, that used to function in the best interest of both the consumer and the provider before government got involved. Each time healthcare is re-regulated by the government it's an attempt to repair an issue that arose from government interference the first time.




Title: 
A giant nude statue in California is stirring controversy.

Comments: 
Dammit America, can't we just grow up and act like adults?




I see those old Victorian values are still up and going.




Jesus Christ, it's a fucking statue. 

[Cover your eyes](http://cdn.accademia.org/wp-content/uploads/2014/01/david-full-front.jpg)




It's a really nice statue. 

People will complain about anything. 




Always funny how it's somehow better to show ass than tits, even on a pic of a statue that is out in the public's eye.




americans are so prude...

[greetings from japan! wasshoi! wasshoi! matsuri da!](http://www.timetravelturtle.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/04/Japan-2013-676_web-lrg.jpg)




Ok, I guess I'll be the guy who has to point out the statue is not "nude".  It's a female form, it is no more "nude" than a woman's shadow is.

It's exactly as nude as your brain decides it is...if you think it's naked and it offends you, that's literally your brain offending yourself.  See a goddamn doctor about that.




Grow the fuck up California. Can't believe a naked statue is hurting someones fee fees.




The comment, "why isn't she clothed" underlines the issue. If it was installed in the 1800s, she'd be covered with a long frilly dress. Large scale art like this shouldn't represent a period of fashion. What kind of clothing would prudes suggest for our time? Nike shoes and Lulu Lemon wear or something from Vogue? Clothing adds content, tells a story about time period, social standing and values. This work of art is clearly supposed to be a human statement, best left timeless as a human from and for any era. 




Bet nobody would complain if it was a naked male form.




I think the Mayor put it the best

>"It's edgy and modern"




[deleted]




> *I see those old Victorian values are still up and going.*

Even on MSN in its reporting of it, by only showing the statue as viewed from the rear.

OMG titties. This is a Family website - can't have no titties here.




[Let the eagle soar](http://usatoday30.usatoday.com/news/nation/2002/01/29/statues.htm)!




Hahahaha How the fuck is a naked statute real obscenity Just walk away from the statue Haha close your eyes hahaha




I love how it was done with wires to give it the effects of water reflecting off it. And that he chose a dancer's pose was a nice touch.




If you go that way then a picture of nudity is not nude. It's just a bunch of dots arranged in a certain way.




They seem to also be having a problem with "don't rape or sexually assault women" at the moment. 




I have to agree with the guy on this one. There is nothing about it to suggest it's nude and not just the shape of a human. Clicked the link expecting something like this http://cdn.accademia.org/wp-content/uploads/2014/01/david-full-front.jpg where you can definitely tell the statue is supposed to be nude.




Title: 
Companies use fake online reviews, Youtube views, Twitter followers & Facebook likes to deceive customers

Comments: 
how is this news?  this is all the internet is anymore, one big giant ad.  lately it feels like it's just me and the shills




YELP is a SCAM.  As a business owner, you have to PAY them, or they will not post a positive review.  They hire people to write bad reviews, then contact you, tell you about the bad reviews and ask if you want to subscribe to their service.  If you say no, only the bad reviews will be posted.  Even if your customers write a positive review, it will not be posted.  

TL;DR  YELP is a SCAM. 




[deleted]




I used to work for a company that paid me to write fake reviews on a variety of crap products. When I submitted these reviews, they were subsequently placed on websites and blogs and Amazon accounts created by a separate team within the same company that were meant to look as if they were created by an average consumer. 

A lot of these products were as-seen-on-tv type products, with a large number of them being weight loss "supplements" or exercise products. Most of the time, these products were absolute trash, but we were told to basically make things up about how great they are, despite never actually seeing or using the products ourselves. Any time you hear of a really terrible product becoming popular, it very well could have become that way because of some BS I wrote for a few bucks from my couch.

So glad I quit that. I hated being so dishonest and leading hard working people to spend their money on things I know don't work. Never again.




Thank God they're not trying to game Karma. Then it would be worthless. /s




I love when companies lie to me and deceive me 




This just in: the bandwagon effect is still an effective way to convince people to do things.




In related news, the sky is blue and shit is smelly. Update at 11.




News at 11. Politicians are **lying** to you!




fake youtube views, twitter followers, and facebook likes?

Seriously, if you think any of these weigh in at all on what I think about your company, then you're the one who's been deceived.




I disagree. As I sit here eating my delicious Subway foot long (for only 5$) and drinking a delicious Coke Zero (All the flavor with no calories!)  I just don't think a company would pay people to promote their ads online through message boards or fake reviews.  It seems conspiratorial almost.




I knew it... Marques Brownlee was a robot all along




/r/hailcorporate is probably having a massive outbreak of "I TOLD YOU SO" smugness right now. 




if the internet wasnt anonymous there wouldnt be this problem




As I sit here drinking a delicious Pepsi, lounging  in my comfy Lazyboy recliner, I just don't think this story could possibly be true. So I'm turning off my Samsung Galaxy tablet for a while.

 Now I'm off to take a Cialis and have glorious sex with my significant other for 5 hours.




There are political parties that do the same in my country, and yet no one seems to be bringing it up ^^god ^^people ^^are ^^idiots ^^where ^^I ^^live




The sky is blue?   I worked for a company that had whole teams of people faking social media accounts all day everyday.  Lots of reddit accounts too.  They just throw random comments in threads and then subtley mention things in relevant threads.

Really makes it hard to listen to anyone recommending any type of product or service from 'personal' experience.




Just look at the interaction (or lack of) on their social media pages, you can easily tell who bought fans, reviews and other.  Speaks to the company culture and CEO's character! 




And lots of astroturfing on reddit.




Yeah I mean anyone can really spot a fake one. Just got to read it very clearly on what they're saying and what you'd think a normal person would say.

Normally when I read about a product, I ignore reviews that start off with, "I tried everything else.... but then this...." Reviews talking about how something made it better or faster or stronger are really ignored.

Generally speaking most products aren't any better or worse than the leading brand. It's about the application of such product that matters and it would probably do no better or worse.




I'm pretty sure the same goes for politicians.




What? No, nononono. It CANT be true! I never saw this coming!!! /s




I thought that was the definition of a marketing strategy these days? 




Welcome to the year 2003 CBC, You have lots of catching up to do. 





I remember the g+ reviews on the iTunes store. They were so fake that some of them included the names of plumbing business, restaurants, etc. Probably still on there. Even the ones still up are clearly marketing pitches, each one addressing the standard g+ complaints, then going with the typical "benefit/advantage/feature" standard. Usually in poor english. So probably phillipines or Indian marketing firms hired by google.




No shit? 




No way, you don't say? Is anyone being informed on this one? I mean.. it's  blatantly obvious. Every damned site you use on the net is in some way manipulating you into your next purchase or like. This place has turned into their mindfuck and they have us all by the balls. .. if I had balls.




Nothing to see here, folks. Move on.




In other words, no fucking shit.




/r/news? Think you wanted /r/shiteverybodyalreadyknows




The T-shirt vendor should have chanted, "hands up, don't beat me with a pipe, yo!"




It is called marketing.




Is society just now figuring this out? People have been able to buy followers and likes for years now. The things that can be done with just a couple of dollars...




Doh, no kidding. I witnessed one smaller company doing exactly this after cheating me... and many others.




So advertising? 




Not news.  Image is everything. 




RG3 doesn't really eat subway.  He just says he does on TV!




uhhhh...no shit, buddy.




Um...duh?




Interesting that there is so much fraud going on and it is happening and some has been exposed allegedly here during the reign of Barak Obama. 

Something even more interesting is the state controlled media's fraud regarding what is allowed to be disseminated and what is censored to the average American reader by the Obama regime through Media Matters in New York city. This Soros funded media control center has mimicked Stalinist USSR's PRAVDA (main "news" source in USSR) providing almost total control of what you read and see today!




CBC is a great company, we don't use shills!




You're not alone, dude, jeez. Relax.

(whistling)

So.

Uh.

You hear they're bringing back the McRib?




People don't really think hundreds of thousands of people are going around liking Target's facebook page and retweeting the latest Walmart post do they?




Nice try, **Woden1Eye**'s marketing department.  We're on to you!




Try bringing up gun control or GMOs, positive or negative, and watch the shills line up. It's mind blowing how overt it is. 




Yup and autoblogs exist, and shit like [this](http://blogpig.com/products/commentpig/) exists.




So is the Better Business Bureau (BBB).  I make it a point to stay away from businesses that flaunt their membership in that racket.




Couldn't agree more. Yelp has fucked where I work continuously. All the good reviews are hidden while the bad reviews from first timers are shown. 




It's not entirely a scam. The site still has tons of value, whether in your own city or travelling. They have a filter where they choose whether or not reviews are legitimate, but if you have paid for their advertising

Also if a place has a review of 1.5 you can assume it's crap, because just today I went to an auto mechanic with that score because they do free OPD-II reads, and sure enough they tried to scam me (long story) but I got the hell out of there. Also if a restaurant gets tons of shitty reviews there's no way the filter will catch *all of them*. But yes, it tilts the score for sure. If you want to read the most up to date info on how Yelp extorts people, [here is a pretty good article](http://sanfrancisco.cbslocal.com/2014/09/04/court-sides-with-san-francisco-based-yelp-in-lawsuit-from-small-business-owners-9th-circuit-court-of-appeals-online-reviews/)




I feel like it's pretty obvious but I know a lot of folks get mesmerized by being part of the crowd. I have my own theories for Reddit too but I'm sure I'll just look like a nut if I try to list any of them. The internet used to be a place I could go to be on mutual grounds with others and find people with similar thought processes but now I feel like I'm back to where I was as a child.. no one to talk to and no place to hang out.

Back to staring at walls.




I agree.  And speaking of turf, have you checked out the new Nike HyperLite MaxSpeed 4000 cleats, made specifically for sprint-turf fields?  

Well, I picked up a pair last week after trying all the competitors' options and I have to say I was so impressed.

The Nike HyperLite MaxSpeed 4000's are the lightest, most comfortable, and most responsive high-end, all-weather, sprint-turf boot I've ever seen.  

They, the Nike HyperLite MaxSpeed 4000s, made me *so* much better at the sport I was using them for.  

The Nike HyperLite MaxSpeed 4000s turned me, just a regular guy, into someone who could seriously have a future in the sport I use them for.  They really make the difference!  And I love how the Nike HyperLite MaxSpeed 4000s come in a wide assortment of colors.

Anyway, when you mentioned turf I just thought I'd share how the Nike HyperLite MaxSpeed 4000s are the ultimate sprint-turf shoe and how they've totally changed my life and made me so much better at the activity they are for!




surveillance and 50-cent men too. Occasionally a bogus account will come into /r/politcs or /r/news and spout some very well written, line-by-line talking points for the government. 




Yep. People are easily swayed. And you are right, the political astroturfing is horrid. 




Yah the Democrats have for a long time been aatroturfing here, you can tell by who's submitting and which domains and political parties keep coming up. 




Do you also hate the Daily Mail and Fox News?




I imagine the pay for something like that is terrible.




This comment brought to you by the new Sweet Onion Chicken Teryaki Melt™ at Subway®.




Nope, just the Reddit Gold (tm). Ahh sweet Reddit Gold.  If you praise our sponsers enough you get your own.




That's what makes you such a great American®!




You don't have nearly enough upvotes for me to believe you.




You might as well give away Schrute Bucks with every purchase of your company's product. The exchange rate of Schrute Bucks to Facebook Likes is just about one to one.




waynes World




[deleted]




He also claims to play football, but I haven't seen much recent evidence to support that.




This is a great article! I would upvote at any time. I have absolutely no complaints about it. And it's a great price too! What more can you ask for?




Bonezmahone has proven time and time again to be the most well informed Redditor. How could you disagree with him?




The animal they make it from is no longer extinct?




[deleted]




BBB is the same bullshit in Canada.  Pay to play scam.




To be fair, you can have a good rating with the BBB without having to jump through hoops. I have a good rating, and the only reason it stays that way is because I write a letter explaining the circumstances everytime somebody gives me a bad review or reports me to them, and everytime it gets thrown out.




I was looking at yelp reviews of a small diner that I used to pass on the way to one of my remote offices. This place is well off the beaten path, no signs on the nearby roads and pretty much a locals only place. There were a ton of reviews from folks who had San Francisco as their city of origin - I just couldn't see this place, way out in the middle of nowhere, getting that much traffic from folks who didn't live nearby. 

I killed off my account last year and haven't used it since. In theory it's a good idea but it's too easy to abuse it, esp when people are being shaken down for money.




Yep, EXTORTION




I'm willing to wager you're theories aren't all that crazy. 




Huh, I feel like buying a pair of Nike HyperLites, weird.




I heard it also makes your penis bigger, and helps destroy age-defining free radicals??!




You do know most advertising is full of shit right? 




*targeted disinformation*

**So, advertising?**





010101010101010




Centipedes were never extinct, sir.




No comment™.




Report Yelp to the BBB, and give the BBB a one-star review on Yelp. Sit back and enjoy the feedback loop!




Do you pay any sort of membership fee to the BBB?




And for some reason, Red Bull and Doritos.




Well if you do I do too.




NPR actually gets most of its funding from doners, and the Republicans actually (tried or actually did -- I don't remember which) blocked federal funding to it.




That's insane. Truly insane.




[John Oliver did a relly nice segment on native advertising.](http://youtube.com/watch?v=E_F5GxCwizc)




Smaller than pigs? More than four legs? Story checks out.




Not at all.




NPR and PBS have become more and more right leaning over the last decade or so. If you listen to a lot of their advertisements it's a lot of O&G money. If I'm not mistaken the Koch brothers also contribute quite a bit to both NPR and PBS these days, if not directly through one of their many groups/subsidiaries.

Case in point if you listened to NPR leading up to the midterms it was very apparent as they were fawning over the Republican candidates. Their coverage over the candidates was very much right leaning and certainly there was unequal airtime given.




There comes a point where you either drink the flavor-aid or get the fuck out. The ones who stayed chose to drink the flavor-aid.




this coincides well with their new CEO.




Title: 
Philip H. Knight, the co-founder and chairman of Nike Inc., said on Monday that he had pledged to give Stanford University $400 million to recruit graduate students around the globe to address society’s most intractable problems, including poverty and climate change.

Comments: 
Because Nike shoes are environmentally safe and not made by poor peoples.




Seeing his name, I think this guy needs the following plan to address societal issues.

1. build a sweet self driving car with the latest AI

2. find the hairiest german-american currently alive

3. erase that dudes identity

4. solve each issue, one power ballad at a time...




Because we totally need more people on student visas using grad school as a way to get an h1-b visa position that otherwise could have gone to an american.




While I applaud this endeavor, I'm think of how much talent, experience, knowledge could be gained if these same opportunities were offered to our older generations.

We consistently offer up and coming students scholarships and other programs/incentives, but there is nothing that I've heard of to brings say, someone in their mid-forties, with a wealth of knowledge and experience, into a community where their unique perspective, can be enterprised. 

There was a time when all civilizations listened to their elders...that's largely how we came to be today.

I would love to see the results of innovative ideas with support programs that exist for everyone, regardless of age.




** To note, Knight is worth $28B. You and I might be worth the value of our house or car plus debt. This guy personally owns about 8 Reddit's worth of money. $400M, while a huge sum of money, is not nearly as significant to this man as you'd otherwise think. That doesn't make me right. It just isn't an incredibly powerful argument.

** Also I wanna note that this is speculation based on bitter opinion. So don't get your panties in a bunch.

I can't help but be jaded enough to believe this was a publicity stunt to draw attention back to Nike. $400M is a lot of money, but Gates, known for doing a lot to address world problems, has admitted that simply dropping a ton of money on something won't necessarily solve the problem. I'm part of that second group they talk about. I'd really like to believe these people are every bit as empathetic as I believe myself to be, but I can't help but see someone with $400M to spare for a university-fronted program as someone who could instead spend a lot more time and money looking at the world's actual problems.

Africa is a fantastic example of a place torn by so many different issues across the continent that solving any one of them usually means addressing 5 more (between multiple countries, no less), and most of the requisite resources are people with well-funded programs to deal with them *locally*. Climate change? That's huge. That's corporate greed and civilian laziness and a lack of sensitivity by all to what the future will be like. It's outright denial by... I so want to say idiots, but maybe that's not even very accurate. It's trillions required to overhaul infrastructure. It's the common man needing to front tons of money and a big change in lifestyle to adapt to "green" living. It's every business that operates *anything* that kills the ozone or buffs CO2 levels (or any greenhouse gas, really) needing to look at some sort of transition to "green". Overpopulation presents a particular problem with no easy solution. Climate change needs to be attacked from 1000 angles and $400M will do what, exactly? Research more technology? There are tons of people working on technological solutions *now*. Fund them.

I just can't see this as anything other than a PR stunt.




Best solution to the world's problems? Eradicate humans. I don't think $400m is enough to do that, but it might be a good start.




How do the shoes effect the environment?




Yes, won't somebody think of the boomers!! 

They've had so few opportunities in life. If they had not had reasonable mortgages, minimal college costs and relatively high value of each dollar made, they may have ended up with huge student loan and housing debt!

/sorry, cheap insults on my part, but still crying myself to sleep over job prospects and bills.




There are plenty of opportunities for them, they should have found them by their mid 40s and older. 




Someone doesn't underwtand what being "worth" 28 billion means.  It's not all cash.






Maybe the money could be better spent, but $400 million is far and away more than anyone would drop on a simple PR stunt. 




Well on top of this, he donated 500 million to cancer research last year

So PR or not, he puts his money where he wants to and my guess is you havent donated near as much to anything




And you can still donate money wherever you want.  




They're mostly plastic and rubber, both derived from oil.




What are they?




Every single time someone talks about what a rich person is worth, some geek with three foot thick glasses has to point out that not everything they're worth is cash. Thanks Token Geek. I've got it.

** Actually, that's not it. A point to be made. When you're talking about a single person worth *tens of billions* of dollars, where their money is tied up becomes less a nitpick-y but potentially relevant fact, and more of an annoying "look at me I'm smart" sort of, "I once heard a smart economics guy say something and now I'm saying it too." I mean, you present no useful facts other than the one fact that his fortune isn't immediately or even potentially entirely liquidatable in a 1:1 ratio. If even 1/3 of his fortune could be turned into bucks, it's still so high a value that $400M would just make him feel bad and probably nothing else. 




I admit I could be wrong. But the guy's worth $28B, so I'm not sure arguing $400M being substantial to this man is very well founded. Not to mention, this school is his Alma mater.




If I was a billionaire, I might.




Ok, so how do the shoes effect the environment?




If you want a serious answer I have to know how old we are talking. 

Are they like "Werther's Original" old or listen to tapes for fidelity old?

"Bees knees" old or "Far out man" old?

"My grandpapy owned someone old or "don't take the brown acid" old?

In all honesty, community colleges in most states have some cheap (sometimes free, depending on age and situation) retraining programs for older folks.




the opportunities?  Well depending on their experience whatever job they have been working for.  They also should have the ability by then to start their own business




Sorry I was being polite.  Could have said something simple like
#400 million dollars is a lot of money.

But no.  Reddit gives you a forum to complain about someone whose business has dramatically raised incomes in his hometown, and contributed more to society than you ever will.  You really don't have a voice in these matters, despite what comment threads would make you believe.  

Cue response about child labor, which has already been addressed by Nike.  




Yeah I'm a pretty cynical guy too but this is a huge donation by any standard. 

It's as much as [MIT raised in donations all year in 2015](http://time.com/money/4195204/2015-donations-colleges-universities/). 

Harvard got a [400 million donation last year](http://news.harvard.edu/gazette/story/2015/06/harvard-receives-its-largest-gift/), and it's the biggest they've ever gotten.

If you want to be cynical, you could compare it to the Mercatus Center at George Mason, which is a Koch-funded outfit that pumps out somewhat dubious libertarian work that other nodes of the Koch network use to lobby for reducing regulations and various other pro-industry policies. It's funding from the [Kochs has been in the tens of millions, not hundreds.](http://www.sourcewatch.org/index.php/Mercatus_Center) So Knight clearly could have set up something to serve his own interests with a significantly smaller amount of money. 

If it were only $4 million, or even $40 million, I might be inclined to agree with you. But there's no way $400 million can be described as a mere PR move. 




So you are saying you havent donated as much as him.  Well when you do, you can choose where you would like it to go




Getting the oil and refining it into the plastics isn't exactly clean




Everyone indeed has that "opportunity', but it really doesn't work that way.

There is immeasurable talent out there, untapped because there are no grants, scholarships or other supportive funding or programs that provide an opportunity for an older person to pursue their own work, say within a university sponsored program. 




Or I could cue that whatever your opinion on my opinion, if you want to argue that it all boils down to public forums and opinions shared on them being meaningless and not mattering, exactly what has you provoked to share yours? If you're trying to make me feel like I'm wasting my time with my own stupid opinion with the argument that it doesn't matter (well ahead of you, if you thought I was about changing anything - tada, it's Reddit) , what makes you think your own wasted time on the *same* public forum with about as much meaning behind your own opinion is going to matter much more? Especially to the guy you're trying to shoot down? My advice? Don't shoot a guy when your purpose is about not shooting guys.

Also, yeah. He raised incomes in his hometown on the backs of slave labor. And only after he was found out, and Nike was well within its means to absorb the change, did he fix Nike's fuckup.




My best argument against that is that with $28B, $400M wouldn't seem like much. And then we're left with reasoning. This man is *personally* worth enough money to try and stop global warming by picking a crazy James Bond scheme and funding it with the interest on his investments. If he cares so little about the money itself, that $400M is OK to put into *anything*, what makes his altruism more likely than his possible scheming?

Anyway, I don't really know this guy. So it's unfair of me to judge him. My point was that if you want to affect positive change, picking your Alma mater and donating less than 2% of your net worth and not incurring speculation that it's a PR stunt is a bit ridiculous. If I had enough money to buy a country and real, positive aspirations to cure the world of its many ailments, [there](http://www.gatesfoundation.org/) are [tons](http://www.insidephilanthropy.com/guide-to-individual-donors/paul-allen.html#) of [foundations](http://www.insidephilanthropy.com/guide-to-individual-donors/jeff-bezos.html) out there funded by [people](http://www.fallenpatriotfund.org/) with real means and a strong desire to do good. [There](http://carbonengineering.com/air-capture/) are tons of tech startups and [famous](https://www.clintonfoundation.org/our-work/by-topic/climate-change) people out there trying to solve climate change issues. If it had nothing to do with personal goals, guys like Knight would drop their money into actually funding change (something that hasn't been very clear yet, on how this money is going to be spent - this is literally the first we've heard of it, that he's donating money). Maybe Stanford has real, intended goals for the money. Maybe they really do have useful work going on. But that doesn't mean it's altruism on Knight's part.

And that's my problem. "Doing good" to look good to gain attention. This is hardly unheard of. And while it might result in good having been done for the world, if I'm right, it was done for the wrong reason and I think that needs to be addressed. If I'm right.

Anyway, there's more that could be done if he's serious about this sort of thing. Pushing hard against state policies on solar, for instance, to lower the costs in [states where the cost is significantly higher than it should be](http://cleantechnica.com/2014/02/01/real-cost-solar/) due to state law would be far more respectful coming from a guy who helps run a company that is [hardly known for its humanitarian](http://www.businessinsider.com/how-nike-fixed-its-sweatshop-image-2015-6) efforts. Sure, they fixed themselves up. After we caught them.




I'm a bit unclear on this reasoning. Are you saying only billionaires should be able to criticize billionaires.

I think its worth pointing out that in addition to using donations as PR and tax deductions, charity schemes are often part of tax shelters for the wealthier class. E.g. Almost every athlete has a "foundation"; Zuckerberg "giving away" his wealth. The laws as they are, they are not compelled to spend much of that money on charity; administration is a bitch.

I'm not saying that there isn't altruism. I'm just saying if you think wealthy people don't play games than you should probably avoid carnivals. 




You missed the point of my speculation, clearly.




Yeah, that is obvious, I'm asking about the shoes




I'm not trying to be a dick...

Are you asking because you have not found programs to help out for yourself, friends or family? If so, check out some of the continuing ed programs at your local schools. There are programs already out there.

When you see stories like this it doesn't mean that only one dude is donating money to only one program. As you will see on almost every cooking show there is more than one way to make an omelet. Most ways will really piss off the red-faced "shouty" expert... but there are a lot of ways.




Yet they had those opportunities at this age




All fine points, but him donating to any of the other foundations would raise the same sort of 'altruism or PR' questions. And really, those questions are an inescapable part of this caliber of philanthropy. 

But the answer is more or less irrelevant. Whether he's doing it for PR (which, why would he even need it?) or not, the fact is Stanford's getting a HUGE amount of money to fund students. And funding for basic research is something that you can never really have enough of. 




You're like, a big umbrella of smart that I'm just going to hide under. What this guy said, far, far more concisely and effectively than I.




Nope, I am saying you shouldnt criticize someone for donating money just cause you say you would do it differently but havent donated near the amount




Dont care if it is a PR stunt, a donation like this is always a good thing




.... the shoes are made from cheap materials and their sweatshops operate in countries with weak infrastructure. Refineries aren't necessarily under the same code in countries like China, Indonesia, and Bangladesh. Both attribute to poverty and environmental problems.




No, I don't ask for myself...I just think programs, intended to foster advancement, improve quality of life/environment, should be available equally, to everyone, regardless of age or gender.

I can promise you there is a metric ton of talent out there that is untapped. We should be taking advantage.




I can't really argue that. I'm not upset about Stanford getting money. I'm upset about a probable reason for him donating. Frankly, it's a whine.




Actually, now that I've blown off some of my steam I feel like a bit of a prick. :-P




uhum...

"...than me"

No brain umbrella's here. I don't read and am some random fool typing away on the internet mid-day. Don't take this as any sign of success.




Sorry, I disagree. I don't think anyone should be free from criticism. 

It is a human right to be able to critique others behavior for the benefit of all. As an American, I think that right means it should be as unnecessarily hostile as self importance requires, just like the internet.

My opinion...

In a statistical sense... All donations are not equal. When you are talking about big money they are often just a mechanism to protect that big money. 

I'll give you another example. Ever wonder why Home Depot is asking you to donate for random charities like "Take your hamster to work for a cure day". They get to claim that greasy last dollar from your paycheck as their donation.

Even if you modify your argument to something proportional (E.g. "Only people who donate 10% of their income should be able to criticize people who donate 10% of their income") you still have the same problem.

X does not equal X once when there is scaling involved.




Then why are you even commenting? If my opinion doesn't matter on *your* opinion, ignore it.




Ok, but how do the shoes themselves effect the environment 




Lol! Well at least you feel better! 

And not to worry, your concerns weren't outlandish or anything. There are certainly PLENTY of times where a big "charitable" act is done for nefarious purposes. This just doesn't exactly have the hallmarks of something like that. (Small size of donation, specific ideologically or financially self-serving purpose, to serve as a distraction from bad press, to be used as a tax write-off or setting up a non-profit to serve as a tax-haven, etc...)




I just meant that you said more concisely and intelligently what I was trying to convey, with fewer words and less bickering.

I, too, am some random fool typing away on the internet at mid-day. When I should be doing my house work, at that.




Nobody is free from criticism, it is just like someone at home saying "this (professional athlete) sucks" when they havent done anything near as good at the sport




Ahh perhaps you've never heard of the Great Shoe War of 1582. Some experts say it's still going on, others keep their heads in the sand and completely ignore the impact it has today. 

Believe it or not, shoes are actually the direct descendants of sandals. Crazy to think about. Who would ever believe that shoes and sandals have a common ancestor? It sounds blasphemous, almost incoherent. Yet, archeologists and anthropologists have evidence that they actually existed at the same time. Shoes and sandals were actually indistinguishable for hundreds of years, maybe thousands of years. It is believed that after 100 AD, shoes and sandals began to split into different groups. Fast forward to 1582, sandals were virtually wiped out in most parts of Europe. They were considered outdated foot technology. Other forms of shoes began to become popular, like clogs. This angered the sandals and caused many riots all over Europe. Authorities, including the Pope, actually banned sandals in Catholic countries. The Moors decided to wear sandals into battle, not only to oppose the Pope, but they believed that having open toes was beneficial in combat. 

In March of that year, Vienna was attacked in a full our sandal invasion. Casualties were estimated around 4,800 shoes and sandals combined. However there was no clear victory on either side. Small skirmishes continued throughout Europe all the way to the Middle East for the next 15 years. After these Skirmishes, there was a general intolerance for sandals around the whole world. With dwindling popularity for the next 400 years, sandals happened to make a comeback in the 20th century. Seen as a sign of protest among young teens, President Reagan actually signed a secret treaty with other leaders around the world. Shoes are now manufactured in 3rd world countries and same with sandals. These countries infrastructure has allowed refineries to pollute the entire planet, specifically south east Asia. The slave labor, poverty, and pollution caused has direct connection to the Great Shoe War. It's almost ironic that some people don't even notice a difference between the two.

Hopefully this helps. I am no expert on this subject, I just took a college class and read a few wikipedia pages. I suggest watching the movie called The Cobbler on netflix. Great adaptation of the whole conflict.




I know it was a nice compliment... sorry.

I played the "shut up... you're the smarty card" because of the deep emotional hole caused by the neighborhood bullies discovering my Star Trek fanfic geocities tribute page.... Its art to me dammit. You can only fill that hole with self loathing, self deprecation and unpredictable hostility... much like a rescue dog.




Okay, no I'm confused because you are agreeing with me. 

Is this your double secret trap where I get grammer nazied in to looking the fool that I may be.

>it is just like someone at home saying "this (professional athlete) sucks" when they havent done anything near as good at the sport

Nope, it is an analogy treating money as validating factor in some sort of objective good. So, the output in your original comment would be common good/altruism (perhaps motivation). Your analogy is really comparing apples to basketballs (I'm not a sports person). "Someone" at home can certainly criticize the performance of an athlete. As far as I know, there are former players and coaches that sit at home (we don't "retire" them do we????....I don't know sports). Beyond that, it is possible to be an informed observer without any actual talent or contribution. I've never, ever, ever, been able to hold my liqueur or a tune but know that [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9lAHad36htM) performance ~~sucks~~ (shit... I just watched it... **tragic** is a better word).

So, lets close, my friend, with two things...

We agree nobody is free from criticism. We also agree that sometimes that criticism is as uninformed as some middle aged guy in Detroit pissed off that Calvin Johnson missed catching the damned onside kick in the first Green Bay game this year. However, we disagree about the amount of money being the qualifier worthy to judge the motivation/altruism/benevolence behind a donation. I favor looking at the factors for that donation and have provided a few examples of how money alone may not be a good indicator (e.g. [in review] tax deductions, tax shelters PR). 

I'd like to close with some words; not from some fancy CEO; not from a couch potato in Detroit; not from some random internet dude; but from a humble carpenter named "Jesus H Christ" (I think that's it... I'm not big into religion).

>41 And Jesus sat opposite the treasury, and beheld how the people cast money into the treasury. And many who were rich cast in much.

>42 And there came a certain poor widow, and she threw in two mites, which make a farthing.

>43 And He called unto Him His disciples and said unto them, “Verily I say unto you, that this poor widow hath cast more in than all they that have cast into the treasury;

>44 for they all cast in of their abundance, but she of her want cast in all that she had, even all her living.”

My God have mercy on your soul... Amen




Title: 
Oregon's voters divided on corporate income tax proposal to fund services

Comments: 
You want Nike headquarters to move?  Because that's how you get Nike headquarters to move. 




I found it interesting that Comcast censored a bunch of ads that were for Yes on 97... really tempted to vote yes solely because Comcast just rolled out data caps in our state...




Exactly.  I own a small trucking company in Oregon and I haul loads out of several large producers in the Portland area.  Every single one of them has a plan to leave the state if 97 passes.  Most have large notices posted in conspicuous places saying that the employees should have a plan to move and follow the jobs or start looking,  just in case.  Stupid measure written by people who have no concept of economics.  




"Stupid measure written by people who have no concept of economics." Sounds like Portland.




Title: 
Slashers’ Work Ruins Shoes Discarded at a Nike Store

Comments: 
I swear, these people have no sole 




I understand where the company is coming from, but couldn't the merchandise be "damaged" in another way?  Perhaps a permanent dye or something could be applied to the clothing and shoes that would make it unsellable, but fit for donation to the homeless?




Terrified of someone needy "getting something for nothing."




Hell a thick line of shoe goo applied down that slash should hold. Might not look pretty but it could be a blessing to several homeless folks. 




Actually Nike does donate shoes locally to schools in Oregon




Perhaps the materials were contaminated and would cause irritation to the skin or some such?




A cutting remark there.foe shoe....




[deleted]




We can't aglet them get away with this




Somebody had to cut all of those shoes and bag them up. That definitely took some time and there is risk of injury while slashing with the knife. Maybe a charity should start a service where they collect merchandise and remove logos, stain the items, etc...




Time wounds all heels.




Title: 
US shoemaker Converse is suing 31 companies, arguing they are copying the design of its trademark shoe: The company filed lawsuits against big retailers such as Wal-Mart and Ralph Lauren for allegedly selling imitations of its famous Chuck Taylor sneaker.

Comments: 
This is exactly why branding and designer labels were introduced in the fashion industry.

The year was 1800-something, the industrial revolution and the age of mass production was just coming into full swing. Whenever designers introduced successful products on the market, some no-name sweatshop would always start making knock-offs for a cheaper price and stealing all their sales. Since you couldn't trademark a shape, color or style, designers started to place much more emphasis on the name behind the design. Marketing began to shift away from advertising the  qualities of the product and towards advertising the social cachet and pedigree of the brand. And boy did it work! Fast forward 150 years to today: nobody bats an eye when a Gucci bag of unremarkable design & materials sells for [*3000 freakin' dollars.*](http://www.neimanmarcus.com/Gucci-Jackie-Soft-Leather-Top-Handle-Bag-Camel-Handbags/prod170320134_cat47730732__/p.prod?icid=&searchType=EndecaDrivenCat&rte=%252Fcategory.jsp%253FitemId%253Dcat47730732%2526pageSize%253D30%2526No%253D0%2526refinements%253D&eItemId=prod170320134&cmCat=product)

Interested to see how this suit plays out, because it could have serious repercussions in the way we treat intellectual property in the design world.




Where do PF Flyers fit into all of this?  




Just about every major shoe-maker has their own ripoff of Chuck Taylors. I own a pair of Pumas and Pro-Keds that are blatant clones. That said, having a trademark on rubber-soled, canvas-walled sneakers is like having a trademark on "making mp3s and sharing them online". Ridiculously general and built to be abused.

The article says it names companies in China. I'm interested to hear if Feiyue, a Chinese shoe almost identical to the CT that predates it by like 40 years, has been named in this lawsuit. 




Of course they file the suit after 30 companies have copied their style. They definitely care about protecting brand reputation and not acting like ravenous cash vampires. 




You know what, Converse, fuck you for no longer making the suede One-Star




I'd love to see the visual evidence used in the case, showing Converse and all the look-alikes side by side.




Chuck Taylors were copied from a French design the name which now escapes me. 




earlier today my cat pooped and peed on my chuck taylors. :(




I'm not well-versed in this area of the law, but wouldn't this case have no merit, as these "knock-offs" have been around for years? Wouldn't the statue of limitations have expired long ago, or do cases like these not have a SoL?




Aren't they owned by Nike?




Anyone else have a problem with their feet sweating more when they wear Chucks? I can wear anything else, and my feet seem pretty normal. When I wear these canvas shoes, my feet sweat much more and they smell like death. I would have thought canvas would be kind of breathable.




I bought a pair of knock offs on accident off eBay for my son. He loved them and I never realized they were fake. I bought another pair after they fell apart, and got real ones. They were such shit that I contacted Converse to let them know I bought fakes.

After many emails back and forth with a slightly inept cs agent, they assured me their over glued sloppy cut sneakers were genuine. What crap they have turned into.

http://m.imgur.com/a/m2QeB

Edit: real, not tall




I honestly don't understand the love for these shoes. When I lived in Poland, you had to have a pair of shoes for being in school, separate from your "outside" shoes that would scuff up and dirty the floors.

Everybody wore the cheapest shoes the could: Converse knock-offs.

Then I came to the States and saw people drooling over them...

The whole thing is just a marketing push like Apple does with their products, Beats by Dre, Bose, Harley-Davidson bikes, etc.

You're not buying some space-age shoe with nanomachine-infused soles and self-tying laces. It's as bare-bones as a shoe can possibly get.




All my life I've always thought these shoes are immensely unappealing. 




Maybe if they wouldn't charge $40 for a pair of canvas shoes, there wouldn't be so many imitators selling the same thing for cheaper.




If I were the judge I would dismiss this case because Converse knock offs have been around for 20 years and they are just getting around to whining NOW? Dismissed!




Essentially, this is Nike attempting to use its hegemonic size to enter into the patent troll business. No one can make a canvas mid-top shoe with a vulcanized bottom except Nike.

No company would be so stupid as to directly imitate the Converse one-star logo, but they are entirely in their rights to knock off the general silhouette of the shoe. The fashion industry created the term "knock off". 

These lawsuits are probably just some VP at Nike covering his ass because the Converse acquisition hasn't been as profitable as his team of consultants had forecasted. 

Walmart will be fine. In the end, this will only serve to stifle smaller footwear companies.  




I love chuck Taylors. They are clean and professional casual, but at the same time they say I like the party. 




Good for them. I think anybody who buys those grotesquely ugly, incredibly poorly designed shoes,  should absolutely be forced to pay the highest price possible. 




Converse is owned by Nike. 

They also own Cole-Haan




I thought you couldn't patent fashion.




They must have just hired their first lawyer. There's no other explanation as to why they've decided to sue for something that has been going on for years.




PF Flyers precede the Chuck Taylor, if you're asking why they're not included in the lawsuit.




I once read that fashion items usually can't be trademarked, which is why a lot of high end brands will plaster their own logos or designs onto the items. 




Quite a few of the generic or store brand coverse type shoes are far better quality than actual Converse as well. The pair I bought from Forever 21 have held up longer than my full price Converse have.




Best Cons ever.




They don't?  I've been buying a pair every year :(




The design actually dates back to 1830 from The Liverpool Rubber Company and then commercialized by Goodyear (which actually has a patent on vulcanization). We wrote a history lesson here: http://pe.greats.com/blog/2014/9/1/vulc-shoe-timeline-greats-schools-you-and-the-fundamentals




It's a sign.




In that last picture - is that the insole you're lifting up or the actual bottom of the shoe?

Edit: others agree it's the insole. Just FYI insoles are supposed to come out of shoes.




Hey there.  I'm looking a six different pairs in front of me right now.  *Only one, the leather pair, has nonglued insoles.*
Seven pairs if you count the knock-offs.




This is a ridiculous comment and you should be embarrassed by it. What exactly are wrong with the shoes? You seem to have an obsession with glue. 

Nearly everything you point out that is wrong with them you could have seen before purchasing them if you bought them in store, and if you bought them online you could have just returned them if you were not satisfied with the product. 

This is just such a terrible comment. The shoes look fine. The glue looks fine. The rough cut insole looks fine. The stitching not being identical looks fine. The height difference, if they feel comfortable to wear, is fine. Everything is fine, and if it isn't, return them.




No idea. They are insanely uncomfortable too




The bare-bones aspect was what I liked about them. They were just super basic foot-coverings. 




I never did either. I had a pair once and they felt unremarkable to me. I usually wear Nike Air Max or Sperrys if I'm going casual... very comfortable in my experience. Dress shoes for the office, steel toed boots for the field... actually a big fan of boots now. I wanna save up for a pair of Red Wings that can work for casual and office wear.




You just said it. They are bare bones shoes with a decent style and are cheap as hell. Doesn't take a scientist to see why they are popular.




They are $100 in Canada




$40 for shoes is already cheap.




Before they were "cool," they were $10




The Ralph Lauren versions weren't cheaper. They were actually more than a regular pair when they came out.

Source: Bought a pair, and still own a pair. And still like them more than regular chucks.




[deleted]




They were acquired by Nike ten years ago, have been sending cease and desist letters and bringing trademark infringement cases to courts for years. Giant corporate lawsuits like this (31 different defendants) move through many different courts at a snails pace.  Not sure why this article is written like this is breaking new information.




I know right! I'm guessing its because they aren't selling like they used too. 




More than 20 years.




I dont even know if i would call them knock offs the shoes are basic as fuck. They have no distinguishing characteristics, because they became popular when every sneaker looked like that. This is the height of absurdity. They are claiming ownerships over lines and toe caps. what the hell.




The mullet of shoes, eh?




I bought a pair of the ralph lauren knockoffs a year ago and got a lot of compliments from the ladies, so maybe you need to recalibrate son.




Nike hasn't owned Cole-Haan for years.




No wonder Cole Haan has been turning to shit. 




As far as I know, and I'm always looking for them cuz I'm just about out.




What Da Fuck




Just the insole.




One was glued down, the other was not.




If you think those look fine, you have really low standards.




I thought I was the only one who found them uncomforable. I've never  understood the appeal. 




Super basic product for a premium price.

I have a pair I bought for $10 at Walmart that I use in the gym on lifting days because of the bare-bones aspect. I wouldn't pay a dollar more for that kind of shoe, though.




And $40 is on the low end for Chucks these days anyway, plain pairs can easily hit $50 here in Chicago and specialty pairs can easily go over $100 or more.  Chucks have been my all the time footwear since the 80's and I feel that burn every time.  




It's a cheap shoe. As bare-bones as you can get.




And these shoes are extremely cheap to make. $40 is crazy for them




[deleted]




point taken, but I don't think my theory is an impossibility




If they aren't selling well, it could be because of the proliferation of knockoffs.

Also:

>"Trademark law is all about whether the ordinary consumer would be confused as to the source of the good when they look at it.

>"In order for Converse to win they would have to show that the ordinary consumer of their goods... would associate the design-oriented features of that shoe with the manufacturer of that shoe."

If you'll believe my anecdote, I was thrown off when I saw somebody wearing a pair of "Converse" that were actually Airwalks.




While there have been cases of patent infringement that forced competitors completely out of business, I am suspicious that this is not the plan of Converse. 

Instead I think they are going to threaten to shut competitors down, but will settle for a design license agreement and just take a slice from every pair of knock offs made. 




There's no doubt I need to recalibrate, but that would take a 5 year membership at Bailies. And evidently a pair of shoes.




That's odd. Insoles usually aren't glued down. I'd venture to guess some glue got where it shouldn't have been on one (unless they glue their insoles down).




[deleted]




Do they make wider versions? I bought a classic pair a few years ago and couldn't stand how they felt on my feet.




They're £45 (~$85-90) in the UK.




Coke wasn't a nickel 7-8 years ago.




Because of how long they've taken to build a case against 31 companies, the case should be dismissed?


You'd be a shitty judge. 




Oh, I do think it's quite possible that your sentiment has found its way into some lawyer's notes and research.




> Instead I think they are going to threaten to shut competitors down, but will settle for a design license agreement and just take a slice from every pair of knock offs made.

a.k.a. the immensely lucrative patent troll market.




So you end up buying Converse...?

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chuck_Taylor_All-Stars#Nike_acquisition




That I don't know, I just wear them until my wide-ass Fred Flintstone feet bust them out at the sides enough that they're comfortable.




I've never lived at a time when Converse were $10. Even back in 1990, when I bought my first pair, they were $25.




Your frame of reference for when Converse shoes were cool is "since 2007?"   




and you would be in contempt of court..... share your opinion when you appeal




but I'd be a shitty judge, have you heard? /yawn




holy shit! I had never even made the connection..... I am a shitty judge, did you know that? Or so I was told..... anyway... I can now see there is a griefer suit market..... hmmmmmmmmm.....




[deleted]




In the early 2000s their popularity was low, and so were the prices. That's when Nike bought them.




I bought my first pair of red hi tops in 2000, when I was 13.

They were $14. 




You keep thinking about this the wrong way. The shoes aren't worth more than $10. Period. How that money gets divided is a separate issue.




Such double standards.  "I'll support sweat shops but not minimum wage employers that are nearby"

All or nothing friend, if a meal has shit in it, removing a little and calling it good doesn't deny that there is still shit in it.




They were still over $40 at that time. I know, because I've bought Converse multiple times a year, every year, since 1990.




[deleted]




All or nothing means I move out into the woods and I'm no longer part of the equation. If I boycott the worst offenders then they have the incentive to raise their standards.




Not here in Oregon. I bought a pair in 2002 for $13, glued felt to the bottoms, and use them for river shoes.




How do economy of scale? How do proper training? How do the right tools for the job?




Completely untrue, there are plenty of local businesses out there.  But you're getting the convenience and cheaper factor of the sweatshops, aka laziness.  Like an armchair quarterback, you spout off on what someone needs to do but you never could do it yourself.




No, you didn't. If you did, they were on clearance. I've bought probably 45 pairs of Converse over my lifetime, and I've never spent less than $20 on a pair, even on clearance. Edit: To clarify, what I'm saying is that the MSRP have never been $13 for Converse in the entire time I've been alive.




You're an idiot who deals in extremes.




Yes he did. My first pair of hi tops were $14 in a Los Angeles suburb when I was 13. Not on sale. 

Punk-o-rama cds were $3, while every other cd was $17




All I'm talking about is consistency. The "oh I'm outraged that a company pays minimum wage but I'm cool with child sweatshops" if you're going to judge, be fucking consistent. The extreme is living in the woods as if that would solve anything. 




Title: 
Adidas U.S. push keeps up pressure on Nike, Under Armour

Comments: 
I doubt Nike is scared




[deleted]




Wouldn't it make more sense to have a stable manufacturing base without worrying about slave labor? 




Title: 
Slashers’ Work Ruins Shoes Discarded at a Nike Store

Comments: 
This is just what they do, and have been forever. My husband used to work for a shipping company back in the 90's and reps from all the major shoemakers would come by every once in a while to slash any shoes with their logos, or worse, with multiple logos (Nike uppers, Adidas soles, NB tongues). 




Kind of like how Fast Food places dump bleach on food they haven't sold so the homeless can't eat it.




> This is just what they do, and have been forever. 

I dunno about "forever", but for decades at least.  It protects them from lawsuits ('I got sick from your food!  [that  I got from the dumpster, but I won't mention that]'), and from people trying to scam them (take old/bad food from dumpster, and return it).  It also makes people *buy* stuff, instead of getting it free.




They are already madly overpriced... and then they do this? What a world we live in.




Source? I worked at fast food places in my younger days and we never did that. 




Title: 
Nike, TAG Heuer, Porsche suspend ties with Sharapova

Comments: 
That was pretty fast---seems like Nike held on with Lance Armstrong a little longer (they did drop his name from their swimming pool eventually)

They also dropped Michael Vick and they renamed the Joe Paterno Childcare Center becasue that was just a little too too.




It's not like any of those companies would do anything immoral.




I hope they have other hot girls as backups now




This is bullshit. She's been taking this stuff for 10 years? If she can prove a pattern she should be good. Ill bet this blows over and the sponsors come back




[deleted]




I was thinking that the companies may have just suspended her for a few months, and then will bring her back




You think it's better to prove that you've been taking a PED for 10 years?




It's actually her responsibility to check the ban lists, and she admitted that. Simple and reasonable mistake really. Just clarifying that she does bear some responsibility.

Honestly they are just dropping her because now she won't be playing for a while so they aren't getting any advertising from her. 




But it wasn't considered a PED then




If the drug is a commonly prescribed drug for your condition *AND* the drug was just reclassified as a PED, then yes, it is better to prove you were legitimately using the drug as a medication than as a PED.




[deleted]




It is by the laws of physics, whether it's on a list or not, and telling people how long you've been taking that thing isn't going to repair your reputation as a cheater if it is a PED.  That's just saying "I was juiced this whole time, every win, every triumph, I was on PEDs, but it was all nice and above board."  That's way worse from a PR perspective.

And let's be honest, a quarter of all Russian athletes do not have heart conditions.  So the chances she's just fucking lying is pretty high.






I disagree.  10 years taking a "substance" that ALOT of others did?  I'm betting she gets a pass. Honesty works. Sometimes.  Sponsors return soon. 




But it wasn't considered a ped until this year, she was. Never cheating 




Yeah that...doesn't make it better...it didn't make it better for Bonds, or Armstrong, or anyone else where "alot" of other people were doing it.

This is the first high profile star to get caught on this specifically so they could easily ban her for 4 years.

Why would Nike pay a doper than can't compete a dime for that?  And even if the suspension is shorter or she doesn't get one, she might already be past her peak especially now she lost her juice.  It's not like they're passing on a hot young star on the climb she's already at the top.

But she's also a female tennis player and if Anna Kournikova taught us anything it's that being hot is at least as important as being good in that sport, and Nike, Porche, etc can find some other hot chick pretty good at tennis to sell shit.

It's not like this is Lebron James and she's moving $300 sneakers out the door by the truck load.




This is true...all of it. I still say she be back 




Title: 
Nike unveils HyperAdapt: The auto-lacing sneaker

Comments: 
Isn't this about a year too late. Funny to me that everyone missed the "back to the future shoes" by a year, when they had sooo many to get them made and on the market. Well, knowing humans attention spans, they will be lucky to sell 1/10th of what they could have last year, and for way cheaper.




Are we too fat to lace our own shoes now?




Auto-play video that I cannot stop?  No thanks!




Does this mean you can use the app to tighten your laces? That would be awesome.




Next comes the robot shoe butler to put them on your feet. Which is the perfect sabotage for the robot uprising because millions will be unable to fight back with their shoes laced together. 




No more velcro laces for the elderly.




>"When you step in, your heel will hit a sensor and the system will automatically tighten. 

Did some hideous accidents happen during initial [product testing](http://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/feb/23/british-columbia-canada-human-feet-mystery)?




Happy that we're being saved from the difficulty of tying a knot. 




As no technical details are provided, and the only thing mentioned is that you have to subscribe to some sort of Nike site to be able to buy them next year, this seems more like an advertisement than any kind of news article.  Downvoat.




That's probably what caused it.  Some guy at Nike was on Reddit last year and was like, oh, duh, let's make that then.  




It'd probably be a lot of help for people who lack the motor skills to lace shoes. My step dad has multiple sclerosis and I can see these helping him




Tying the two little nooses triggered too many people.




What is funny, there has always been a huge demand for them, and Nike has said for years that they were being developed. Its like they just missed the boat or something.




Title: 
Portland Pimp Sues Nike for $100 Million for Lack of Warning Label on Air Jordans He Used to Face Stomp a Man

Comments: 
I thought pimps used shoes for beating, not stomping.




>Clardy was known for his unusual courtroom antics. He shouted expletives at the judge, prosecutors and jurors.

It's a bold strategy, let's see how this pays off.






I hope this motherfuckers lawsuit gets thrown out for being frivolous, and that he gets his ass thrown in jail.




Apparently something like "Dangerous when used to stomp poor John's heads into sidewalk.  Please use caution."




I'm kind of surprised a judge let this suit even be filed. Or do judges not have any say in allowing a filing? Not too clear on that part.

But since un-shoed feet would have been just as or nearly as harmful, I can't imagine him winning the case. No one reasonable would require a warning label that shoes don't prevent feet from hurting things.




I suppose he'll be suing god for the foot that was in that shoe as well.




I don't even....is this guy SERIOUS?  A pimp who stomped a guy's face is suing the shoe company for not having a warning label?  What the fuck did this idiot expect?  His shoe was just going to give the guy's face  a love tap?  What an idiot.  His lawsuit should just be thrown out on the grounds alone he's a **PIMP**.




[deleted]




no, the hoes will beat you with a shoe.




He's actually already there, with a 100 year prison sentence...which makes you wonder what exactly he's planning on doing with a $100 million settlement?!?




He's already in prison.  Did you read the article?




Lawsuits don't need to be approved to be filed.

Here is what will happen: Nike will file a motion to dismiss. A hearing will be held. Nike's motion to dismiss will be granted.




That whole "reasonable" thing is the catch.  Is it reasonable to think cruise control is the same as auto pilot?  Is it reasonable to think that a seat belt should be easy to open for an under 16, drunk girl who finds herself in a car underwater?  




Under certain very specific circumstances, if you have a history of filing frivolous/vexatious suits against people repeatedly, a judge can issue a restraining order that does not allow you to file suits without, for example, assistance of counsel who must file it for you.  Then, if the person tries to continue filing suits, they can be hit with contempt charges and penalties.  Attorneys will not be likely to assist unless their suit has actual merit because we face fines and sanctions for knowingly filing suits without merit (and if an attorney can't tell that the pleadings would be complete nonsense, then probably should be sanctioned...).  This sort of measure is only put in place in the most extreme circumstances, such as individuals who have long prison sentences and file dozens-hundreds of indecipherable suits to entertain themselves.




Relax, the only reason you are hearing about this before it is thrown out that the suit names nike. 




He's a Person Impervious to Material Possessions? What does that have anything to do with this lawsuit?




You need to read up on how microwaves work.




My mistake. All of my pimp/ho knowledge comes from Blaxploitation films, and was under the impression that the hoes threw high heels, but didn't administer beatings.




Pay his way out of prison.




That's less than what you need to buy a congressman, you could potentially buy some sort of pardon. 




That money can buy lots of cigarettes....




Near as I can tell here's how the argument goes. This guy got an enhanced sentence (i.e. 100 years) based on a ruling at the trial (or finding by the jury) that the Air Jordans were a "dangerous weapon". The statutory definition of that is "any weapon, device, instrument, material or substance which under the circumstances in which it is used, attempted to be used or threatened to be used, is readily capable of causing death or serious physical injury." He's saying he should have been warned that if he used the shoes to face-stomp someone he might cause serious injury and it is the lack of that warning that got him the enhanced sentence. An argument worthy of Saul. 99.9% likelihood that the motion to dismiss will be granted.

UPDATE: Turns out he filed the suit on his own, without a lawyer. I guess even Saul wouldn't take the case.

source: http://www.abajournal.com/news/article/pimp_convicted_of_stomping_customer/?utm_source=maestro&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=weekly_email




Some of those you listed are "maybe"s, but nothing about a shoe would suggest that it prevents your feet from being usable as deadly weapons. Nothing at all. It's not like Nike ran a "shoes - they're like socker boppers for your feet!" campaign. If they had, he might have a case, but it's asinine to just go around assaulting and battering people and then blaming random household/apparel items for not stopping you. The same warning label he wants on shoes could be similarly required of socks and pantyhose with his same logic. They don't stop you from using your feet to bludgeon someone dangerously, either.




You serious?  A pimp, someone who whores women out for money is suing a shoe company for not including a warning label that STOMPING A GUY'S FACE is dangerous?  That makes no sense...no fucking sense.  He's suing a shoe company for *HIS* decision to stomp a guy's face.




[deleted]




He's need to buy a president to get a pardon




To be fair the concrete sidewalk probably did just as much damage. He'll be suing the state next. 




Legally I believe curb stomping is always assault with a deadly weapon or attempted murder.




That is one of the most absurd things I've ever heard. If he did indeed get extra time because he used a 'dangerous weapon' and that is indeed the definition, then basically every one who commits a violent crime should get extra time because that definition fits anything ever.




So what you're saying is it's the action of the person that is the problem and not the manufacturer of the deadly weapon? 




I wasn't talking circuit boards and wavelengths, more like "microwaves: magic?".  Just to help you along, they don't run electricity though your food or apply flame to it, they use radio waves of a specific wavelength to excite water molecules causing them to heat up and cook food.




Well, he could be in state, which would just require a governor's signature.




You're a pathetic troll.




You know what doesn't make sense. That they charged him with using a deadly weapon to make that charges more severe. Did the guy call the shoes a deadly weapon or did the courts? If the courts are going to make an outrageous claim to lock this guy up for the rest of his life then he has every right to sue over it. 




You're right. Also, lulz cause the person you are arguing with is not taking this so well.




A shoe can be a dangerous weapon, as proven in this article.  If the pimp had continued to stomp him, or stomped him as hard as he could, the pimp could've killed him.




Do you think for yourself or just agree with everything you read? A shoe is a dangerous weapon? Let's use some common sense here. Just because something can kill you does not make it a dangerous weapon. If you use an object that serves a purpose in everyday society to kill somebody it doesn't become a dangerous or deadly weapon. Things people can get killed with: plastic bag, water, pillow, and rope. I could use all of those to kill somebody. Now with your logic: gloves, hat, shoes, socks, underwear, leggings, spanx, turtlenecks, sweaters, slippers, scarves, and glasses. Just because I'm wearing something when I use that body part to maliciously beat somebody does not make that article of clothing a dangerous weapon. His foot stomping the shit out of the guy is what caused the damage, not the shoe. Yes, they might have done more damage than my foot itself, but if you had enough time you could kill somebody with your foot alone. 




Title: 
Nike fights on two fronts as brand is linked to bribery and doping allegations

Comments: 
Now we know why their slogan has been: Just Do It.







Don't really see the problem with doping to be honest 




I've always found it odd that people overlook sweatshop issues with some brands. Nike has been a piece of shit for decades. 




They've also been linked to hiring right wing mercenary groups to murder union organizers in South America. 




They make great shoes.  

But really I don't think you know what you're talking about.  Nike was under fire for human rights issues for a looong time.  It wasn't "largely" ignored.  They took *more* heat than any other shoe company and since have taken huge steps to rectify it.

Maybe read this.  http://www.businessinsider.com/how-nike-solved-its-sweatshop-problem-2013-5




Title: 
Nike, Racket Supplier Head To Stick By Disgraced Sharapova

Comments: 
I would assume her being a hot women athlete is more important than her being a tennis player anyway. She's there to sell women's athletic gear not tennis rackets. 




Nike & Racket Supplier Head, Will Stick To Making Money

FTFY




Eh. She's not really disgraced. She didn't read the rules changes that took affect at the end of the year. Oh well. She can live on past earnings for the next 2 years of her ban. She's doing fine.




LMAO - Disgraced.  Hilarious.  
Her image is still positive to most of her fans. The people who feel she disgraced herself had little interest in her before, or the products she marketed.  
People who think athletes are morally and ethically pure are deluded. They all have to play the game, and like with FISA, if the game is rigged, you better be good at rigging the game too.  
Edit: For the DV'ers, check online. There are a lot of articles asking why she is not getting the blowback others have gotten for breaking drug rules. Her fans are not as worried as most expected, which is helping make her advertisers stick with her.




Title: 
Nike says it will create 10,000 U.S. jobs if trade deal passes

Comments: 
Did I see a swoosh on Air Force One?




So they're going to ship in Vietnamese kids to make shoes at a sweat shop in Oregon?




In a decade.  Maybe.

All we have to do is hand over sovereignty.




In 2014, the US population was 318.9 million. Pretending the population didn't go up, with an unemployment rate of 5.4%, the current number of unemployed people would be 17,220,600.

All of that leads to Nike creating enough jobs to fix 0.06% of the unemployment problem. You don't get a reward for almost no effort at all.




With a global footprint of over 1,000,000 employees and contractors, a plan to bring 10,000 jobs OVER TEN YEARS to the US is an almost non-existent commitment. 

>*Nike has 26,000 U.S. employees and more than 1 million workers in 700 contract factories worldwide that manufacture its shoes.*
[source](http://mobile.reuters.com/article/wtMostRead/idUSKBN0NT0ZO20150508?irpc=932)




No thanks, Nike. Now kindly go fuck yourself




And they promise to give everyone a unicorn that barfs rainbows and craps gold eggs!




Yeah but what KIND of jobs? And I'm still trying to find all the NAFTA jobs they promised. 




Nike says a lot of things. 




I love Nike!  Good for them!




And how many people do you employ?




And how many jobs are you creating in the next 10 years?




Nike has lots of jobs available




I don't track how many times I've hired a carpenter, plumber, auto mechanic, tutor, or one of the other many individuals who work for hire. However, I also didn't make a net profit of $2.69 million last year either.

Edit: Originally quoted net in billions when it was millions. Misread the numbers.




[deleted]




OK, well how many people do you employ full time for a year?




Don't read them, I love Nike!




Since I am an individual and not a corporation, I'll level the playing field. We can equate my living expenses with the corporations business expenses. This way only money sent to employ people is counted.

To start, my personal living expenses ( food, rent/mortgage, basic utilities) used about 83% of my income. With the remaining amount, I paid for a car repair, broken pipe, and fixed up the floor in the living room. I was left with about 3% of my income to be considered disposable net income or about $1,000.

Nike was left with a net profit of about 21.6% or about $2,693,000.




Cool, so no answer to the question?

It also seems like nike does a better job at business than you do




They want to raise profits, cut costs, and pretend they're doing good to make a negligible amount of jobs.

Looking for a reason to stand up for a company that neither knows or cares who you are is fine. People do it all the time, no matter how foolish they look. Standing up for a company that is just furthering their own agenda without actually making a positive change, well, that's you. They could employ more people now if they wanted to and still make a profit, but they aren't.




Well you are complaining about a company for no reason.  And they employ people they need to employ.  I bet they have openings if you would really want to work there.

And I do stand up for them, they make great products and I use a lot of them!  They care about profit because they are a business.  So that makes sense.  And they price their stuff based on supply and demand.  It is basic economics although I bet they use very complex formulas to figure it out




They want to do something the country will care about? How about moving some of those 330,000 jobs back to the US? They're profiting by employing people they only pay about $0.56 an hour. How is that something you want to support?




why do those 330,000 jobs belong in America?  It is a global company, people have to run stuff overseas.  

I also doubt it is part of their business plan to increase the American work force that much iif 10,000 is the goal right now




Outsourcing to cheaper countries is part of the problem with the American economy. Americans can't work at jobs that are outsourced, Americans can't spend money they don't have, and the government can't tax people who work for the company overseas. What they're doing is hurting the US economy.




How so?  And again, not every job, and not every dollar, is meant to be for America.




It's an American company. Sending their money across seas to make products cheaply. Then using said products to take money from Americans.

Money represents how much ownership you have over the countries gold supply. By giving other countries American money, they lower the value of the dollar by giving ownership of American gold to other countries. And this isn't just the US, it's any country that allows outsourced goods to come into their country.




Actually, the US currency is not backed by gold. Hasn't been since the early 70s. So American gold doesn't come into play. In the article, that AFL-CIO chimed in. The one thing that has sent "American" jobs overseas is the sense of entitlement of many American workers. How many people do you think would want work in a factory that paid minimum wage?  Unions will inevitably horn their way in and instead of $80 for a pair of nikes, you'll be paying twice that. That's just American manufacturing. 




It is an international company with hq in America.  They make money all over the world and it needs to be spread all ovver the world

Let me guess, you didnt do a lot of studying with international business did you?




No one can survive independently off of minimum wage in the US. Those that seem like they make it work also get government assistance. Minimum wage doesn't mean minimum to survive. What sends jobs over seas is cheaper labor costs. They feel even minimum wage is too much to pay in the US. The only "entitlement" people have here is a desire to be financially independent and stable. A company's refusal to pay a living wage and their own greed is what drives companies to outsourcing.

And even if the the USD isn't backed by gold, sending your country's currency overseas still gives some of the monetary power of your country to the other country.




Your generalization of business and the fact that you aren't saying anything factual that's relevant betray your smug attitude and show you don't know what's really going on.

The US accounts for 47.33% of all generated revenue for Nike. Vietnam accounts for 33% of it's workforce. That means more money going out of the US than coming into it. You do understand that 47 > 33, right?




Yup, and Vietnam has a lot of people who need jobs also!




So the US should give them American jobs so the US can continue to decline economically?




They employ lots, not everyone is qualified




They train people how to do the tasks they want done. Every company, even McDonald's, has training videos and personnel. What's the lack of qualification? Demanding a decent pay rate?




You have to get hired before training, that is the part of qualifications




I still fail to see how an American isn't qualified to work for an American company. And if I lived in any other country in the world, I'd feel the same about my country there.




Look at the job openings, people are only qualified for their skill set

the jobs abroad are just simple jobs that Americans dont want anyways




We're not talking a major science. They're putting shoes and clothes together. There's no skill set necessary beyond what they train you to do. You don't need to know anything going in.

You still haven't made a valid point that can't be readily and easily refuted. Greed is the simple answer. They don't want to pay a decent wage to their workers so they go over seas where the minimum wage is far lower. And if that's what they want to do, then they should keep what they make over there and sell it to them. The 10,000 jobs over a ten year period, that's only 1,000 jobs year, is just an incentive to actually do even more work in a cheaper country to sell for an inflated price in the US.




Sure I have, it is part of their businessplan, enough said




Any company who feels ruining any country's economy for profit doesn't deserve to be in business. It's economical suicide that will lead any non essential company to eventual bankruptcy.

Anyone supporting their business practices is a lemming who obviously doesn't understand how economics actually works or thinks they are above the monetary and social repercussions.

This isn't true for just the US, but for any company, any country, and anybody the world over.




How are they ruining a country's economy?  




I'll say it again, if you take more money out of a country than you put into it, you lower the value of that country's currency. If you want to sell a product in a country, but don't want to employ an equal portion of that country's people, that's detrimental to it's economy.




I bet they put a lot of money into it




Not enough.




How much more do they need?  How much is it already?  How much do you put in?




More than they have. Do your own research, Google works wonders. All of my money stays in my country's economy.

You still don't seem to understand that Nike doesn't care about anything but money. And while that seems to be status quo for a business, when it hurts the economy and violates human rights, it shouldn't be supported. Why would you stand up for a company that doesn't know you, doesn't care about you, and would have you work almost like a slave if they could get away with it?




OK, well nike emplooys thousands, if not tens of thousands of people here, my guess is you employ none

Nike runs an enormous business that helps stores and many small and big businesses.  My guess is your non business does none

Nike also makes many generous charitable contributions on top of its own foundations, while I bet you don't even make a grand in charitable contributions

Again, you seem to lack a basic business education, and definitely lack that to run a major corporation or an international one.  You also probably don't understand the economy, human rights, tax laws, or trade agreements, since they all work with the economy to begin with.

You need to study, then maybe you can get one of those 10,000 jobs nike has coming!




You continue to try avoid the facts I've stated. All of which you can look up for yourself. You can try to say I don't know what I'm talking about because I'm not a big corporation, but that doesn't alter the facts presented.

I promise, Nike doesn't care that you're sticking up for them. Maybe you can take screenshots and send them to Nike. Maybe they'll send you a coupon.




You have stated 0 facts and seem to know little about nike's business plan




Then you state some of them. I looked all my facts up, but since you claim to know more than the internet about Nike and their business practices, go ahead and state your knowledge here. Show the world how smart you are.




Title: 
Nike's self-lacing HyperAdapt shoes go on sale November 28th

Comments: 
I really don't see how something like that could survive the wear and tear of typical shoes use for long. I see a lot of broken ones filling a lot of closest six months after release.




The last few seconds of the video make them seem *extremely* loud.




What happens if they don't actually stop tightening..




Title: 
LeBron James signs lifetime deal with Nike

Comments: 
Eh, there's still many ways both parties can get out of it I'm sure.

More like " foreseeable future" deal.




Thats a pretty sweet gig




Nike pays the sweatshop workers who actually make their stuff next to nothing. They pay a guy already rich as hell tons of money to do nothing but allow idiots to identify with him by buying Nike stuff. What's not to like?




Somebody's coffin is going to have a "Swoosh" on it.




Who else has gotten this besides Jordan? Does Jordan even have a lifetime contract?




I believe the "morals" clauses of the endorsement contracts have been strengthened greatly in the recent years due to misc scandals.   Not sure what there is on the player's side to protect them, but I don't really recall players being affected by their sponsor's scandals.  If they have a good agent, I assume there's an out written in there for them as well.




https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nike_sweatshops




I think David Beckham had a lifetime deal with Adidas. 




According to reports no, it is just understood that Jordan isn't going anywhere else




the blade runner. Remember nike's ad with him? "he is the bullet" and "winning solves everything"




Title: 
Back to the future: Nike designer touts 2015 arrival for Marty McFly's Power Laces

Comments: 
I thought it was a shame my shoes didn't need batteries and were too inexpensive. Good to see they're working on solving that problem.




I'm sure they will cost 5000 dollars and there will only be 10 of them.  At least one of them will malfunction and pop all your toes.......




I think I'll start the loan application process right now.




I'm still waiting for the flying car they promised me back in the '60s. 




Ball's in your court now, Mattel.




Regardless if these will hit the mainstream, and I doubt self-lacing shoes will become standard, these are the coolest BTTF merch I've seen (besides a fixed up Delorean).




Reminds me of the movie Elizabethtown. If you haven't seen it - don't it's horrible.




Now all I need is a hover board...




They better be EXACTLY like the movie. There should be no tacky light-up LEDs like clown shoes.




Are they going to mass produce this shoe?




Call me when they release a self-sizing self-drying jacket with a cheerful robot voice. 




I doubt this will happen. It most likely the shoes will be a limited run and the power laces will be more a gimmick.




Apparently it's for shoe collectors. I doubt it was intended for many people to walk around in them.




I wouldn't mind a shoe that pops my toes... think there's a market for gloves that crack your knuckles?




Look around you.

Think about your neighbors.

The ones who spend all day watching TV shows about people even stupider than them.

Now imagine putting them behind the controls of a half-ton flying ballistic object, and asking them to maneuver in three dimensions successfully.

I, for one, am quite glad for the lack of flying cars.




I'm still waiting for my fucking hover board.  




Well I wouldn't mind pants or a jacket or something that cracks my lower back.




My house is underground so I'm safe. It shouldn't take more than a few months and all the idiots will be dead leaving the skies free for me. There might actually be some social security money left for me with them all gone. 




I read that as "hover beard".

I could see that becoming a thing in 2015.




Way to see the silver lining, Toxie...

Either way, we're not getting flying cars until the things can fly themselves.  I just don't see any other way it'll happen.




Thanks. I've  been cleaning up messes my whole life.




Title: 
Nike unveils 'Back to the Future'-style self-lacing sneakers

Comments: 
that's pretty cool. it's a good start at least




Sound really cool! I hope they get affordable over time




Saw these in person at the Nike Innovation summit a few weeks ago, theyre pretty neat. they have a rechargeable battery in the sole, and have buttons to control the tightening servos 




Title: 
Ray Rice's Nike Contract Canceled Over Punch Video

Comments: 
I hope Janay has a lucrative career because Ray isn't going to be making any money anytime soon.  




I think everyone with common sense saw this coming. Any company realizes the shit storm surrounding Ray Rice and does not want to be in any way associated with him. I mean heck the Ravens are even offering jersey exchange programs for his jersey...




Rip his career. Someone is getting beat tonight.




What do they care? Southeast Asian children make their stuff for 14 cents an hour.




I'll bet it blames it on his victim. 




Couldn't have happened to a nicer guy.




[deleted]




That's what he gets for takin advice from an LL Cool Jay rap...




poor wife beater :( 




[deleted]




yea he was in so much danger! it was scary! 




[deleted]




No, just because it's his wife and that makes it domestic abuse. You're being a right dickhead.




[deleted]




[deleted]




That's not my point. I didn't say she had to leave him, I said people are angry because she was his fiance. If it was some random person it would not be nearly as big of an issue.




Dude, again, you're just responding to things I never said. I never said she was a poor victim. I never said she was a damsel to rescue. I simply said this is only a big deal because it's his own significant other, and therefore this is an issue of domestic abuse.




[deleted]




Of course not. This is a celebrity. Media will completely drain this story even thought this is such a minor issue compared to the other bullshit that happens in the NFL. The various heads of the NFL gladly threw him off to the dogs since it meant they would gain positive feedback from it. 

And it's not like he'll be needing that full four million dollars in the near future anyways.




Title: 
Limited Run Nike Shoe Sparks Rioting at Florida Mall

Comments: 
Florida.




Limited Run Clarks Desert Boot Sparks Rioting in /r/malefashionadvice




My friend maybe you have more important things to riot about than a sparkly pair of shoes ?




$220 for those fucking things? What the fuck.




... As someone who only owns one pair of $20 workboots bought at Kmart and a $2 pair of flip flop sandals this just sounds downright insane.




Ugliest pair of shoes I've seen. Looks like they were grabbed off the shelf from the 80s. 




Jennifer Government has become reality?




God bless America for we are doomed. 




God, I agonized for hours over the purchase of a $50 pair of Sketchers.  What the actual fuck is going on with this?




This looks good,Hope it works well as well.




Fugly 




I was thought this article was going to be a repost about the rereleased Jordan's from a few months ago, but south Florida surprises me again. 




Excuse me sir, but is this a black tie or nike foamposite galaxy gala? 




I was on the bus on 125th street in Manhattan the other day and saw a crowd of a couple hundred people waiting outside an athletics store at 8 am before opening. Not only are people dumb enough to pay over $200 for crap like this, but they actually wait for hours to do so. I weep for humanity.




is this for real? or is this a concocted story to keep law enforcement positions in demand?




I think Nike and the department stores should be responsible for paying the law enforcement for security. The best would be just to sell the item online. 




We offered them this exact design, after it had been approved by NASAs media lawyers and consultants, turned us down saying it wouldn't work. They stole it and will likely steal more of our designs and ideas.
If you would like me to post more images, or the design from which they stole from let me know.
iamnasa.tumblr.com

PS I am from FL and been to Orlando MAll many times, I SAW this happening, but Nike wouldnt hear me out.




As if I even had to open the story to confirm my suspicions of the perpetrators.




Like the fact you have fathers who won't parent their children or gang bangers who refuse to grow up. 




It's "LIMITED", if you know what i mean.




Well they are reselling on eBay for at least 4 times more right now.  




[deleted]




I bought cheap work boots once.  Damn those things hurt like crazy after a few weeks.  I must have decent footwear, or life just seems meaningless.  I drive a crappy car and wear whatever clothes appear in my closet, but I will spend a few more dollars to make my feet happy.  




Try the 90s.  In the 80s we were still accepting the fact that sneakers could be something other than white.




Please link to pick of design that they copied, I see nothing similar on your tumbler.




I was bullied in school for being alive. Ah, thank fuck that's over.




Trax




I admit, I asked my parents for the Reebok pumps, because the pump mechanism obviously made me better at playing tag.




The only time I received any bullying about my shoes as a kid was by new yorkers when I was visiting. But that ended relatively quickly because there simply isn't a way for me to care less about my shoes. I believe I was wearing sketchers. 




Cheap kmart shoes were actually good in the 90s.  Today shoes at all big boxes are flat out terrible and half the shit at legit shoes stores are just as bad.




I don't drive a car at all, or own one, and I wear workboots because they last more than a week if you walk everywhere and are cheap (I don't own a car because I work minimum wage and can't afford one).

I tried wearing comfortable shoes once. Those things fell apart inside a month.




I think I have accepted the extreme similarities, without making more problems for myself exposing more designs, and possibly law suits. I am just stoked to see how awesome they did! My work was bit, and did so well!!! :)




So you're posting from beyond the grave? 




Had too many pairs of them as kid.  Parents thought I ruined them on purpose, but they were just crappy shoes.  Thom Mcans were much better, but still pretty crappy.  




Sorry, but you just admitted they didn't steal anything from you.  The only evidence you posted has nothing even similar to their design.




Nope. I'm posting from beyond graduation. :D




You can read the mission statement for further understanding.




For someone claiming to have an original idea, I find it funny that you use the word NASA a million times.




Partners.




Title: 
Pimp who sued Nike loses case claiming Air Jordans he used to stomp john needed warning label

Comments: 
I wanted him to win just to see what the warning label would of said.




So guess pimping ain't easy.




100 years for simple assault seems like overkill.




Why would a john leave without paying?  That is the worst part of this case.  At least be an honest john.  The customer is not always right.




This is news? Why?




There's a chance that he was not getting the service he was promised....




What a trick ass mark.




What a mark ass trick.




I'm trying to figure out if you're a punk asss bitch, or a bitch ass punk.




I'd even go so far as to describe him as a trick ass trick.




Title: 
Nick Symmonds Left Off Worlds Team For Not Signing Himself Over To Nike

Comments: 
So it's not really the "Worlds Team", it's actually the "Nike Team". 




Cancel the Olympics, this shit is out of control. 




Title: 
Nike Steps Up Role In Trans-Pacific Partnership

Comments: 
TPP is a bad idea and Obama is really irritating me by supporting it so hard.




Pack of lies - 10,000 jobs in 10 years is petty bullshit....you want to completely screw whats left of US middle class and in return we get sloppy seconds. No thank you Mr. President.





Nike logo just turned into a bullseye. boycott those fuckers.




Title: 
Rob Whitworth and Selina Miles Accuse Nike of Copying Their Work with Latest Neymar Video

Comments: 
Watch out when you go after Nike, their lawyers are ruthless




Title: 
Robbers in Monkey, Gorilla Masks Steal Nike Jordan Shoes From Store

Comments: 
I love that the one guy just left his gun on the chair.




[removed]




I see people like to stereotype [Mike Brown](http://i.imgur.com/OU1Uwlz.png) and his Ferguson ~~looters~~ [supporters](http://i.imgur.com/BsP63wi.jpg) by wearing monkey masks and robbing stores for Nike Jordans. And the fact that the person holding the gun painted his skin dark so as to appear like a black person, such a shame. These people are making black people look bad by making it seem like the black community has a violent crime problem and are committing a disproportionate number of violent crimes when compared to Asians, Hispanics, and Whites. Someone call Al Sharpton, this will not stand!




inb4 racist comments.




While this would be hilarious if it was a couple of r/CoonTown posters if they got arrested, you can clearly see that both men (Red and Grey Shirts) are of African-American descent.

 One has to wonder if they put any forethought into their disguises of choice, because either they have one hell of a sense of humor, or they didn't picture what this would silently say by implication to the folks at home who got to see the security footage.




Poverty breeds crime.




Lulz faggoot 




Title: 
Nike Factory In Indonesia Used Military To Intimidate Workers Into Giving Up Pay: Report

Comments: 
They are fighting so they can give their workers $3.70 **a day** instead of $4.




How else are they going to pay LeBron $90 million for 7 years to wear their shoes? 




That is why I will only ever wear new balance shoes.  Made in the USA mother fucker.  If you go to a new balance store instead of just a generic shoe store the service is beyond excelent.  They properly measure your feet to ensure your shoes fit perfectly.  I'm always to pay the permium of new balance shoes for this level of service, quality, and fit.




Simple answer, don't buy Nike shoes.




While Nike itself didn't do this, it's not much of an excuse when a contractor does it. Given their history with foreign labour and the bad press it has brought them over the years, they should be extra diligent in controlling and monitoring their suppliers. It's pretty clear that it's not a big issue for Nike's board, and it should be.

I also wouldn't be surprised if Nike pressures their suppliers to the point that they either do underhanded, shady shit like this or lose their businesses. It's not enough to sell a product for a margin over cost, they want to set their prices and their margins and then cram their expenses into that space. That what Walmart does/did, and why so many smaller American manufacturers were driven out of business or forced overseas in the 80s and 90s. "But it costs us $125 to make that widget." "Doesn't matter, you either cut costs so we can buy it from you for $100 and sell it for $200 or we won't sell it at all, and you'll never be able to move the same kind of volume again".




Victory!




that's roughly a 10% increase. you have to keep in mind the currency value difference and the amount of workers. (not that i support the lower wages).




Nike could afford a 10% cost increase,

the factory that they pay to make their stuff however, probably cannot.




It boggles my mind that people buy these shoes. When I look at them in the store they look like they cost $5 to make, but would cost me $90.




Title: 
Nike’s self-lacing shoes will go on sale this year - They don't look quite like McFly's Nike Mags, and they won't come cheap

Comments: 
Nike decided shoes needed an led, +/- buttons and an app to go with the lacing feature.  Can I tighten my shoes with the app Nike, can I?  I really want self lacing shoes.





Title: 
FIFA authorizes wearing of turbans at all levels of Canadian soccer

Comments: 
Glad it's all levels.  Would hate to have to wait to level up in Canadian soccer before I could turbanize.




I just got this vision of everyone on a soccer field wearing the head gear that represents their religion... Man, the Catholics get the best game hat then!

http://i.imgur.com/iKetV5D.jpg?1




Does Nike make turbans?




[deleted]




That's the Jordanian team. Not saying there aren't catholics in Jordan but probably a Muslim player.




The capitalist in me thinks this opens up a new market. Win-win for everyone. 




I'm so proud to be the parent of this comment. 




Sorry I should have spent more than 4 seconds finding a better image




Title: 
Nike co-founder and Chairman Philip Knight has pledged $400 million to Stanford University for a new scholarship program aimed at tackling major global challenges. The gift, announced Wednesday, is one of the largest ever from an individual donor to a university.

Comments: 
Desperate to shift the view from bigot Pacquiao.




Just a few days skim off the payroll of the 40,000 vietnamese show cobblers that crank out 4 million shoes a day.... 




Title: 
Nike suspends Adrian Peterson deal

Comments: 
Hypocrites.  Let's talk about all of the children Nike has abused over the years




More like Adrian Beathison




In related news, everyone is sick and tired of hearing about NFL players getting into trouble.




You mean "production workers."

Personally, I think Nike should have gone with the deal.  Every kid buys a pair of running shoes so they can beat the other kids.




Title: 
Nike FuelBand Settlement Reached (Owners Can Receive $15 Cash or $25 in Nike Gift Cards)

Comments: 
What was the original cost of the bands?




I'm not sure, but I'm guessing in the $80-$120 range. https://www.google.com/webhp?sourceid=chrome-instant&ion=1&espv=2&ie=UTF-8#q=nike+fuelband&tbm=shop




Thanks just wondering how bad people got taken, now I know




Title: 
One of Scotland’s most decorated athletes, Liz McColgan-Nuttall, the retired double Commonwealth gold winning runner, has launched a scathing attack on a leading sportswear firm, Nike, accusing it of dropping her as a sponsor when she became pregnant.

Comments: 
>The former 10,000-metres world champion posted a photograph of Gatlin and Mo Farah, another Nike athlete, and questioned whether the two-time Olympic champion was right to pose with the American, who was signed up by Nike last week.

>“Not so nice to see Mo hanging out with new Nike teammate, drug filled Gatlin,” she wrote. “Good one Nike . . . ban for life.” The Dundee-born athlete said that Farah “needs to think about who he hangs out with” and said being in Gatlin’s company “does himself no favours”.

She seems like a great brand representative.




Ok but...isnt Nike allowed to do that ? Shouldn't they be allowed to decide who they wish to sponsor ?  If they don't like your pregnant image then why should they force themselves to keep sponsoring you ?

This woman is full of herself. She is an entitled bitch .




drafting up media statements while pmsing seems to have backfired




Title: 
Black Football Player Wouldn't Care if Chick-fil-A Supported Slavery... Because Their Chicken is Just 'Too Tasty'

Comments: 
People still eat at KFC, even though Sanders dressed like a plantation owner. 




I boycott Chic-fil-A cause there dry ass sandwiches suck. I mean one fucking pickle??? Gimmie a break!




The Dailymail is like the national enquirer in the states. 

If you can't find another source, chances are this didn't happen or the quote is out of context. 




This is EPIC.  Justin Durant is my new favorite player!




He's a football player, not a philosopher or politician or political activist...

So if the slave-holding South back in the day had only given the slaves some fried chicken, they'd be just fine with that?  "Freedom?  Lol nah bro, I got me some fried chicken."  Seriously, this guy needs to think of the message he's sending and work out some priorities.  I place dignity and freedom over "tasty" food, personally.




People eat tuna even though certain species are soon to be extinct or whatever. Tuna is the chicken of the sea, so you should see the correlation. Chik fil a don't make laws they make chicken. I don't eat no birds but not because the hawker don't like the hom'sexuals. Nike uses children in their footwear, dead Chinese kid skin around your feet! Hypocrispy chicken and Cola. 




Stay classy Detroit.  Christ there aren't even any Chic-fil-a stores in MI.




Hahahaha!




How many pickles does your McDonald's chicken sandwich come with?




> Nike uses children in their footwear, dead Chinese kid skin around your feet! Hypocrispy chicken and Cola.

Can I see a source for this?




Yes there are... we have ONE.  :)




That sucks that you only have two choices for chicken on bread.




Title: 
Obama steps in with outsourcer at Nike

Comments: 
Help us Bernie Sanders. you're our only hope.




With the congressmen and senators we have, I don't think there is too much that Bernie can do.  They'll override any veto and refuse to pass anything he tries to introduce. 




Make them drag you kicking and screaming into that good night




Title: 
Michigan's $169 Million Nike Deal Is Richest in College Sports

Comments: 
Title: 
Nike’s Deal Seems to Track U.S. Claim of FIFA Bribery in Brazil

Comments: 
Title: 
Texas approves Nike $250 million licensing and apparel deal

Comments: 
That's a lot of money, good for them 




Title: 
Nike sued for use of iconic MJ 'Jumpman' logo (which generated $3.2B in 2014 alone) by original photographer who choreographed the move

Comments: 
"Mr. Rentmeester created the pose, inspired by a ballet technique known as a 'grand jete,' a long horizontal jump during which a dancer performs splits in mid-air,"


Mr. Rentmeester needs to be sued by the one that created the Grand Jete since he is essentially copying his/her work.




Title: 
Nike Chairman Philip Knight, Set to Exit, Wants Chief as Successor

Comments: 
This is pretty big news, I hope his replacement is effective, knight is a top businessman




Title: 
Nike Says Back to the Future Power Laces Coming Next Year

Comments: 
>Was Nike was holding out

I don't know why Nike gave this story to Gizmodo.




Title: 
Pimp sues Nike for not warning shoes could be dangerous if used to beat people

Comments: 
Someone give me a nike running shoe and a confined isolated space. This cock sucker wont wanna sue after im finished




Title: 
Nike's 'Just Do It' slogan revealed to have been inspired by a convicted killer's final words

Comments: 
That's some fantastic and hardworking journalism there. It's almost like the "author" read the wikipedia entry and then looked at the 2009 NY Times article mentioned in the references section.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Just_Do_It

http://www.nytimes.com/2009/08/20/business/media/20adco.html




Title: 
Six companies, including Microsoft, NIKE, RealNetworks, and Vulcan signed a letter supporting gay marriage in Washington State. "We write you today to show the support of our respective companies for SB 6239 and HB 2516 recognizing marriage equality for same-sex couples."

Comments: 
Twenty years ago this would have been unthinkable. 

Things certainly change. 





I think i care more about their SOPA support 




Actually it would have been more plausible that realnetworks would sign this 20 years ago rather than today.




Plausible?  Meaning "Believable"? 

I don't get your point. 

This just happened. It's real. Are you saying that it's implausible that it happened? 






It's implausible that they are still around.




Title: 
Nike suspends deal with Adrian Peterson

Comments: 
what better way to show how much you care for children.... than make them work in a factory instead of spank them....




Title: 
Nike yanks blood-spattered "Boston Massacre" t-shirts from store shelves

Comments: 
Apparently, Nike designed these shirts before the bombing in reference to a game between the Boston Redsox and the New York Yankees.  The shirts were covered with blood spatter artwork accompanied by the phrase, "BOSTON MASSACRE!"

Fortunately for Nike, they spotted and addressed this before someone else did.  In another time and place, this would be pretty hilarious.




Actually there was a post on reddit the other day. . . 




Title: 
Nike Rocked By Rare Sneaker Theft Scheme

Comments: 
Title: 
Nike and other sponsors drop Lance Armstrong. 

Comments: 
Nike and all their bad baggage and they drop him?




Yep





Title: 
Nike Is Pulling Its Items Off Some Local Store Shelves

Comments: 
All I saw on this site were boobs. 

I like boobs.




Now I feel old. I actually read the article.




Title: 
Nike To First Gay Pro Athlete: Just Do It And We’ll Sponsor You

Comments: 
Well, that is very cool of them. Glad to have a bit of uplifting news




Title: 
Oregon pimp to sue Nike for £60 million over 'dangerous' trainers he used as weapons, claiming that Nike could have prevented the damage he caused stamping on another mans face, if a warning label had been on his shoes.

Comments: 
The epitome of a frivolous lawsuit.




The epitome of little boys with the bodies of men. 




Title: 
Family's four Huskies, Great Dane and Chihuahua intervene in home invasion of man identifying himself as Jesus of Bethlehem and Nike Air Jordan

Comments: 
Definitely the Chihuahua




Title: 
11 year old girl shot while waiting in line for new Nike Air Jordan sneakers.

Comments: 
Title: 
Nike: Back to the Future style self-lacing shoes 'will arrive in 2015'

Comments: 
I want...no wait, I NEED these... Back to the future is one of my all time favorite movies and these shoes and the hoverboard have always been one my MUST have list




Title: 
Lance Armstrong stepped down as chairman of the cancer support charity he founded, as Nike Inc dropped the disgraced cyclist over the doping scandal that will cost him his seven Tour de France titles.

Comments: 
Title: 
After brutally beating a man with his Nike Jordan shoes, a pimp filed a $100 million lawsuit against Nike for not providing a "dangerous" warning label.

Comments: 
Title: 
Nike cuts ties with Lance Armstrong's Livestrong charity

Comments: 
Title: 
Nike releases then pulls 'Boston Massacre' shirt

Comments: 
Title isn't really fair -- it was released years ago as a Yankees/Red Sox shirt, not as a reference to the marathon at all.




agreed but let's not stop the bottom feeders from dwelling in the gutter.




Title: 
Nike has no plans to change name of Joe Paterno building

Comments: 
Title: 
Nike shoes "dangerous"

Comments: 
Title: 
Nike to Cut Ties with Livestrong

Comments: 
Title: 
Jason Collins: Out From the Closet, Into a Major Deal With Nike?

Comments: 
Nike thinks folks in the 'hood are going to waste their food stamps on Air Fudgepackers^® ? 




Title: 
A pimp filed a $100 million lawsuit against Nike for not providing a warning label that their shoes could be used as a dangerous weapon.

Comments: 
Title: 
Tech Advancements Make Nike Resemble an Athletic Version of Apple

Comments: 
Title: 
After 122 years, a great wooden steamship has been found off the Milwaukee-area shoreline in Lake Michigan 

Comments: 
http://www.nike-alliance.com  
  ->nike wholesale  wholesale jordan sneakers  cheap wholesale nike air max,
wholesale nike shox r3,shox r4,shox r5,shox 
cheap wholesale bape shoes  nike women's shoes    
 wholesale adidascheap wholesale prada cheap puma  wholesale children shoes
http://www.nike-alliance.com =>is a leading worldwide wholesaler company (or u can say organization). We supply more than 100 thousand high-quality merchandise and famous brand name products all at wholesale prices. Start your wholesale sourcing here today and experience first class service and fast shipping.





Title: 
Pimp sues Nike for not labeling shoes as a "dangerous weapon"

Comments: 
Title: 
Nike's Holy Grail...Nike's Original Waffle Iron Found

Comments: 
Title: 
Nike sues man who accidentally bought a counterfeit pair of shoes: In summary judgment Court held that the defendant’s defence that he did not know the shoes were counterfeit had no real chance of succeeding at trial

Comments: 
Those Noke's looked perfectly legit...




The court did the right thing. The law is the problem.....

The language of the Trademarks Act makes it clear that "Whether or not the defendant believed the goods were authentic is irrelevant to the question of trade mark infringement"




Title: 
The Fed Is Worried about the strength of the economic recovery

Comments: 
The FED stole all the gold in the USA before 1913, and the value of every paper dollar, and all of any money of account in the USA, and you expect me to believe that there "worried"? LOL's




Recommend good website

http://www.nike-alliance.com

Discount activity 40%discount 

Supply .Jordan Shoes.Oakley sunglasses.Gucci Sunglasses.bag LV.All kinds of goods.
Fast Shipment.5-7 days you can receive your order product.

No min order request.You can order only one product
Free Shipping.The price on our website are including everything.
Let me introduce CHAOYUE. CHAOYUE is CHINA registered company, we are located in CHINA and Australia, website is 
http://www.nike-alliance.com
nike-alliance,Inc. We are the best online dealer,about all kinds of nike.run retailing and wholesale trade wordwidely for years. Free Shipping And Customs,Super Sale Off Retailing,With 1Week Delivery to your door.
nike-alliance.(com)




Title: 
Nike workers claim military paid to intimidate them

Comments: 
Title: 
Nike removes 'Boston Massacre' T-Shirts

Comments: 
These shirts will now become collector items.
http://www.ebay.com/itm/New-York-Yankees-Nike-Rivalry-Boston-Massacre-T-Shirt-Small-Medium-Large-/281095017888?pt=US_Baseball_Fan_Shop&var=&hash=item41729195a0




Title: 
'I am the bullet in the chamber': Nike ad pulled from Pistorius web site

Comments: 
Title: 
Nike cutting ties with Livestrong cancer charity

Comments: 
Title: 
Nike yanks Boston Massacre T-shirts

Comments: 
too soon.




Title: 
Under Armour suing Nike over "I Will"

Comments: 
Title: 
Nike sells hope

Comments: 
Title: 
Nike Is Pulling Its Items Off Philadelphia Store Shelves, Mom & Pop Owners Search For Answers

Comments: 
Title: 
 
 
 
Lance Armstrong gets dumped by Nike, steps down as chairman of Livestrong



Comments: 
Title: 
Armstrong Dropped by Nike, Steps Down as Livestrong Chairman

Comments: 
Title: 
Pistorius Nike ad pulled

Comments: 
Why would he need shoes?




Title: 
Armstrong dropped by Nike

Comments: 
Title: 
Lance Armstrong stepping down as chairman of Livestrong, gets dumped by Nike

Comments: 
Title: 
Nike taking Paterno's name off child care center

Comments: 
Title: 
Nike taking Paterno's name off child care center

Comments: 
Title: 
Nike taking Paterno's name off child care center - Boston.com

Comments: 
Title: 
KO'd! Manny Pacquiao Said WHAT About Same-Sex Marriage?

Read more: http://globalgrind.com/news/manny-pacquiao-nike-makes-anti-gay-comments-same-sex-marriage

Comments: 
Title: 
Official: Pentagon focusing on 'main suspect' in Afghanistan leak 

Comments: 
http://www.nike-alliance.com ->nike wholesale  wholesale jordan sneakers  cheap wholesale nike air max,
wholesale nike shox r3,shox r4,shox r5,shox 
cheap wholesale bape shoes  nike women's shoes    
 wholesale adidascheap wholesale prada cheap puma  wholesale children shoes
nike-alliance,Inc. We are the best online dealer,about all kinds of nike.run retailing and wholesale trade wordwidely for years. Free Shipping And Customs,Super Sale Off Retailing,With 1Week Delivery to your door.
nike-alliance  c  o  m




Title: 
CNN: Almost All Exxon Valdez Cleanup Crew Dead.  [video]

Comments: 
http://www.nike-alliance.com 
  ->nike wholesale  wholesale jordan sneakers  cheap wholesale nike air max,
wholesale nike shox r3,shox r4,shox r5,shox 
cheap wholesale bape shoes  nike women's shoes    
 wholesale adidascheap wholesale prada cheap puma  wholesale children shoes
http://www.nike-alliance.com =>is a leading worldwide wholesaler company (or u can say organization). We supply more than 100 thousand high-quality merchandise and famous brand name products all at wholesale prices. Start your wholesale sourcing here today and experience first class service and fast shipping.
(nike-alliance).(com)




Title: 
Cops in riot gear break up mall crowd wanting Nike shoes

Comments: 
Title: 
Tiger Woods New Nike Commercial!

Comments: 
Title: 
Nike sues Wal-mart over alleged sports shoe copy: court document

Comments: 
